Subnet Mask	子網路遮罩	Subnetz-Maske	子网掩码	Masque sous-résau	Máscara de subred	Subnet Mask	サブネットマスク	Masque de sous-réseau	Subnetzmaske	Subnet mask	Subnetmasker	Máscara de subred	서브넷 마스크	子網路遮罩	子网掩码	قناع الشبكة الفرعية	Alt ağ maskesi
Password	密碼	Kennwort	密码	Mot de passe	Contraseña	Password	パスワード	Mot de passe	Passwort	Password	Wachtwoord	Contraseña	비밀번호	密碼	密码	كلمة المرور	Parola
Disable	關閉	deaktivieren	禁用	Disable	Disable	Disable	無効	Désactivé	Deaktiviert	Disabilitato	Uitgeschakeld	Desactivado	사용하지 않음	已停用	已禁用	مبطل	Devre dışı
Security Mode	加密類型	Verschlüsselungs-Typ	加密类型	Mode de sécurité	Modo de seguridad	Security Mode	セキュリティ	Sécurité	Sicherheit	Protezione	Beveiliging	Seguridad	보안	安全性	安全性	حماية	Güvenlik
Security	網路安全	Sicherheit	安全	Security	Security	Security	セキュリティ	Sécurité	Sicherheit	Protezione	Beveiliging	Seguridad	보안	安全性	安全性	حماية	Güvenlik
Language	語言設定	Spracheinstellungen	语言	Langue	Idioma 	Language	言語	langue	Sprache	lingua	taal	idioma	언어	語	语	لغة	Dil
hour	小時	Stunde	小时	hour	hour	hour	 時間	heures	Stunden	ore	uren	horas	시간	小時	小时	ساعة	saat
hours	小時	Stunden	小时	hours	hours	hours	時間	heures	Stunden	ore	uren	horas	시간	小時	小时	 ساعة	saat
Done	設定已被儲存，	Einstellungen wurden gespeichert	设置已经成功保存	Settings are saved successfully.	Settings are saved successfully.	Settings saved successfully.	完了	Terminé	Fertig	Completato	Gereed	Listo	완료	完成	完成	انتهى	Tamamlandı
Cancel	取消	Abbrechen	取消	Cancel	Cancel	Cancel	キャンセル	Annuler	Abbrechen	Annulla	Annuleren	Cancelar	취소	取消	取消	إلغاء	İptal
Please wait	請稍待	Bitte warten	请等待	Please wait	Please wait	Please wait	お待ちください	Veuillez patienter.	Bitte warten.	Attendere.	ogenblik geduld.	Por favor, espere.	잠시 기다려 주십시오.	請稍候	请等待	الرجاء الانتظار.	Lütfen bekleyin.
Do not press the power button or the reset button.	更新成功後，網路分享器會自動重新開機。	Nach erfolgreichem Update					電源ボタンやリセットボタンを押さないでください。	N’appuyez pas sur le bouton d’alimentation ou le bouton reset.	Nicht den An-/Aus-Schalter oder die Reset-Taste drücken.	Non premere il pulsante di alimentazione né il pulsante di reset.	Druk niet op de aan/uit-knop of de reset-knop.	No presione el botón de encendido o el botón de reinicio.	전원 버튼 또는 리셋 버튼을 누르지 마십시오.	請勿按下電源按鈕或重設按鈕。	不要按电源按钮或重置按钮。	لا تضغط زر الطاقة أو زر إعادة الضبط.	Güç düğmesine veya sıfırla düğmesine basmayın.
DHCP Service	DHCP服務	DHCP-Dienst	DHCP服务	Service DHCP	Servicio DHCP	DHCP Server	DHCPサービス	Service DHCP	DHCP-Dienst	Servizio DHCP	DHCP-service	Servicio DHCP	DHCP 서비스	DHCP服務	DHCP服务	خدمة DHCP	DHCP hizmeti
Manual	手動	Manuell	手动	Manual	Manual	Manual	手動	Manuel	Manuell	Manuale	Handmatig	Manual	수동	手動	手动	يدوي	Manüel
Confirm	OK	Bestätigen	确认	Confirm	Confirm	Confirm	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	Tamam
Updating…	請稍等約七分鐘	Bitte warte Sie ca. 7 Minuten	请稍等7分钟	Please wait about 7 minutes.	Please wait about 7 minutes.	Please wait approximately 5 minutes.	アップデート中	Mise à jour en cours…	Update-Vorgang…	Aggiornamento in corso…	Bezig met updaten…	Actualizando…	업데이트 중…	更新中…	正在更新…	التحديث جاري…	Güncelleniyor...
Auto	自動模式	Automatischer Modus	自动模式	Auto	Auto	Auto	自動	Automatique	Automatisch	Automatico	Automatisch	Automático	자동	自動	自动	تلقائي	Otomatik
SSID	目標SSID	Ziel SSID	目标SSID	SSID cible	Objetivo SSID	Target SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID
Update	更新	Aktualisierung	更新	Update	Update	Synchronize Now	アップデート	Mise à jour	Update	Aggiornamento	Update	Actualización	업데이트	更新	更新	تحديث	Güncelle
Default Gateway	使用預設閘道	Standard Gateway	缺省网关	Default Gateway	Default Gateway	Default Gateway	デフォルトゲートウェイ	Passerelle par défaut	Standard-Gateway	Gateway predefinito	Standaardgateway	Puerta de enlace predeterminada	기본 게이트웨이	預設閘道	默认网关	بوابة مبدئية	Varsayılan ağ geçidi
Internet Connection							インターネット接続	Connexion Internet	Internetverbindung	Connessione Internet	Internetverbinding	Conexión a Internet	인터넷 연결	網路連線	互联网连接	توصيل بالانترنت	Internet Bağlantısı
Power Management							電源管理	Gestion de l'alimentation	Energieverwaltung	Risparmio energia	Energiebeheer	Administración de energía	전원 관리	電源管理	电源管理	التصرف في الطاقة	Güç Yönetimi
System							システム	Système	System	Sistema	Systeem	Sistema	시스템	系統	系统	النظام	Sistem
You can set a password for wireless LAN connection.							無線LAN接続のパスワードを設定できます。	Vous pouvez définir un mot de passe pour la connexion LAN sans fil.	Ein Passwort kann für die WLAN-Verbindung erstellt werden.	È possibile impostare una password per la connessione LAN wireless.	U kunt een wachtwoord voor de draadloze LAN-verbinding instellen.	Puede establecer una contraseña para la conexión LAN inalámbrica.	무선 LAN 연결을 위한 비밀번호를 설정할 수 있습니다.	可以設定無線區域網路連線的密碼。	可设置无线局域网连接的密码。	يمكنك ضبط كلمة مرور للتوصيل بشبكة LAN اللاسلكية.	Kablosuz LAN bağlantısı için bir parola ayarlayabilirsiniz.
Security type							セキュリティ方法	Méthode de sécurité	Sicherheitsmethode	Metodo di protezione	Beveiligingsmethode	Método de seguridad	보안 방법	安全性方法	安全性方法	أسلوب الحماية	Güvenlik yöntemi
None							なし	Aucun(e)	Kein(e)	Nessuno	Geen	Ninguno	없음	無	无	لا شيء	Hiçbiri
New password							新しいパスワード	Nouveau mot de passe	Neues Passwort	Nuova password	Nieuw wachtwoord	Nueva contraseña	새 비밀번호	新密碼	新密码	كلمة مرور جديدة	Yeni Parola
Retype new password							パスワードを再入力	Retapez le mot de passe	Passwort erneut eingeben	Digitare di nuovo la password	Typ het wachtwoord opnieuw	Vuelva a escribir la contraseña	비밀번호 재입력	再次輸入密碼	重新输入密码	إعادة إدخال كلمة المرور	Parolayı Yeniden Yaz
5 or 13 characters							5または13 文字	5 ou 13 caractères	5 oder 13 Zeichen	5 o 13 caratteri	5 of 13 tekens	5 o 13 caracteres	5자 또는 13자	5或13個字元	5或13个字符	5 أو 13 حرفا	5 veya 13 karakter
8-63 characters							8-63 文字	8-63 caractères	8-63 Zeichen	8-63 caratteri	8-63 tekens	8-63 caracteres	8-63자	8-63個字元	8-63个字符	63-8 حرفا	8-63 karakter
The wireless LAN connection will end due to changes in the security settings. Establish a wireless LAN connection.							セキュリティ設定が変更されたため、無線LANの接続が切断されます。無線LANの接続を行ってください。	La connexion LAN sans fil va prendre fin à cause de changements dans le paramètre de sécurité. Rétablissez la connexion LAN sans fil.	Die WLAN-Verbindung wird wegen Änderungen in der Sicherheitseinstellung beendet. Stellen Sie die WLAN-Verbindung wieder her.	La connessione LAN senza fili verrà terminata a causa delle modifiche alle impostazioni di protezione. Ristabilire la connessione LAN senza fili.	De draadloze LAN-verbinding wordt verbroken omwille van wijzigingen in de beveiligingsinstelling. Herstel de draadloze LAN-verbinding.	La conexión LAN inalámbrica se va a interrumpir debido a cambios en el ajuste de seguridad. Vuelva a establecer la conexión LAN inalámbrica.	보안 설정이 변경되어 무선 LAN 연결이 종료됩니다. 무선 LAN 연결을 다시 설정하십시오.	由於變更了安全性設定，無線區域網路連接將結束。重新建立無線區域網路連接。	由于变更了安全性设置，无线局域网连接将结束。重新建立无线局域网连接。	التوصيل بشبكة LAN اللاسلكية سينتهي بسبب تغييرات في إعدادات الحماية. أعد القيام بتوصيل شبكة LAN اللاسلكية.	Kablosuz LAN bağlantısı güvenlik ayarlarındaki değişiklikler nedeniyle sonlanacak. Kablosuz LAN bağlantısını yeniden kurun.
Save							保存	Enregistrer	Speichern	Salva	Bewaren	Guardar	저장	儲存	保存	حفظ	Kaydet
Search							検索	Rechercher	Suche	Cerca	Zoeken	Buscar	검색	搜尋	搜索	بحث	Ara
Connect							接続	Connecter	Verbinden	Collegare	Verbinden	Conectar	연결	連線	连接	توصيل	Bağla
Forget							登録解除	Oublier	Vergessen	Dimentica	Vergeten	No recordar	무시	忘記	忘记	تغاضي	Unut
You can change the setting for power off timer.							電源の自動OFFタイマーの設定ができます。	Vous pouvez modifier le réglage pour la minuterie de mise hors tension.	Die Einstellung des Abschalt-Timers kann geändert werden.	È possibile modificare l'impostazione per il timer di spegnimento.	U kunt de instelling voor de uitschakeltimer wijzigen.	Se puede cambiar el ajuste para el temporizador de apagado.	전원 끔 타이머의 설정을 변경할 수 있습니다.	您可以變更關機計時器的設定。	可以更改关闭定时器的设置。	يمكنك تغيير تهيئة إيقاف المؤقت.	Güç kapatma zamanlayıcısı için ayarı değiştirebilirsiniz.
Power off timer							電源オフタイマー	Minuterie de mise hors tension	Abschalt-Timer	Timer di spegnimento	Uitschakeltimer	Temporizador de apagado	전원 끔 타이머	關機計時器	关闭定时器	مؤقت فصل الطاقة	Zamanlayıcı gücü
mins							分	minutes	Minuten	minuti	minuten	minutos	분	分鐘	分钟	 دقائق	dakika
Please confirm that the latest system software is available by visiting the URL below.							最新のシステムソフトウェアは下記のURLからご確認ください。	Veuillez confirmer la disponibilité du logiciel système le plus récent en consultant l'URL ci-dessous.	Bitte bestätigen Sie, dass die neuste Systemsoftware verfügbar ist, indem Sie die URL unten aufrufen.	Confermare che il software di sistema più recente sia disponibile visitando il seguente URL.	Controleer of de nieuwste systeemsoftware beschikbaar is door de URL onderaan te bezoeken.	Compruebe que el software del sistema más reciente esté disponible visitando la URL abajo.	다음 URL을 방문하여 최신 시스템 소프트웨어를 사용할 수 있는지 확인하십시오.	請造訪下列URL，以確認是否有可用的最新系統軟體。	请访问以下URL，确认是否有可用的最新系统软件。	الرجاء التأكد من توفر أحدث برنامج النظام بزيارة الموقع الالكتروني بالأسفل.	Aşağıdaki URL'yi ziyaret ederek lütfen en son sistem yazılımının bulunduğunu onaylayın.
System software version							システムソフトウェアバージョン	Version du logiciel système	Systemsoftware-Version	Versione del software di sistema	Systeemsoftwareversie	Versión del software de sistema	시스템 소프트웨어 버전	系統軟體版本	系统软件版本	إصدار برنامج النظام	Sistem yazılımı sürümü
System software update							システムソフトウェアアップデート	Mettre à jour le logiciel système	Systemsoftware aktualisieren	Aggiorna software di sistema	Systeemsoftware updaten	Actualizar el software del sistema	시스템 소프트웨어 업데이트	更新系統軟體	更新系统软件	تحديث برنامج النظام	Sistem yazılımı güncelleme
Cannot begin update. Recharge the battery until the battery level is at least 60%.							アップデートを開始できません。電池残量が60%以上になるまで充電してください。	Impossible de commencer la mise à jour. Rechargez la batterie jusqu'à ce que le niveau de batterie atteigne au moins 60 %.	Starten des Updates nicht möglich. Akku aufladen, bis der Akku-Ladestand mindestens 60% ist.	Impossibile iniziare l'aggiornamento. Ricaricare la batteria almeno fino al 60% della carica.	Kan update niet starten. Laad de batterij op tot wanneer het batterijniveau ten minste 60 % bereikt.	No se puede iniciar la actualización. Recargue la batería hasta que el nivel de batería sea al menos 60 %.	업데이트를 시작할 수 없습니다. 배터리 잔량이 적어도 60%가 될 때까지 배터리를 다시 충전하십시오.	無法開始更新。將電池重新充電，直到電池電量至少達到60%。	无法开始更新。重新为电池充电，直至电池电量至少达到60%。	لا يمكن بداية التحديث. أعد شحن البطارية حتى يصل مستوى شحنة البطارية إلى 60% على الأقل.	WG-C10, güncellemeyi tamamlamak için yeniden başlatılacak. Güncellemeye başlanamıyor. Pil düzeyi en az %60 oluncaya kadar pili şarj edin.
Battery level							電池残量	Niveau de batterie	Akku-Ladestand	Livello della batteria	Batterijniveau	Nivel de batería	배터리 수준	電池電量	电池电量	مستوى شحنة البطارية	Pil düzeyi
Copyright							コピーライト	Copyright	Urheberrecht	Copyright	Copyright	Copyright	저작권	版權	版权	حقوق التأليف والنشر	Telif Hakkı									
Reference							参照	référence	Referenz	riferimento	verwijzing	referencia	참고	參考 	參考 	مرجع	Referans
Network address							ネットワークアドレス	Adresse réseau	Netzwerkadresse	Indirizzo di rete	Netwerkadres	Dirección de red	네트워크 주소	網路位址	网络地址	عنوان الشبكة	Ağ adresi
DNS server address							DNSサーバーアドレス	Adresse du serveur DNS	DNS-Serveradresse	Indirizzo server DNS	DNS-serveradres	Dirección de servidor DNS	DNS 서버 주소	DNS伺服器位址	DNS服务器地址	عنوان خادم DNS	DNS sunucusu adresi
Address lease period							アドレスリース期間	Durée de bail d'adresse	Adressen-Lease-Time	Tempo di lease dell'indirizzo	Leasetijd van adres	Tiempo de concesión de la dirección	주소 임대 기간	位址租用時間	地址租用时间	مدة تأجير العنوان	Adres kira süresi
IP Address pool							IPアドレスの範囲	Pool d'adresses	Adresspool	Pool di indirizzi	Adresgroep	Conjunto de direcciones	주소 풀	位址集區	地址池	باقة العناوين	Adres havuzu
Loading							ローディング	Chargement en cours	Ladevorgang	Caricamento in corso	Bezig met laden	Cargando	로드 중	正在載入	正在加载	التحميل جاري	Yükleniyor
WG-C10 will reboot to connect to the selected network. The connection between WG-C10 and the wireless LAN will end, please reconnect after rebooting.							選択したネットワークに接続するために、WG-C10は再起動を行います。WG-C10との無線LAN接続が切断されますので、起動後に再接続の操作を行ってください。	La connexion LAN sans fil va prendre fin à cause de changements dans les paramètres de connexion internet. Rétablissez la connexion LAN sans fil.	Die WLAN-Verbindung wird wegen Änderungen in den Internetverbindungs-Einstellungen beendet. Stellen Sie die WLAN-Verbindung wieder her.	La connessione LAN senza fili verrà terminata a causa delle modifiche alle impostazioni della connessione Internet. Ristabilire la connessione LAN senza fili.	De draadloze LAN-verbinding wordt verbroken omwille van wijzigingen in de internetverbindingsinstellingen. Herstel de draadloze LAN-verbinding.	La conexión LAN inalámbrica se va a interrumpir debido a cambios en los ajustes de la conexión a Internet. Vuelva a establecer la conexión LAN inalámbrica.	인터넷 연결 설정이 변경되어 무선 LAN 연결이 종료됩니다. 무선 LAN 연결을 다시 설정하십시오.	由於變更了網路連線設定，無線區域網路連接將結束。重新建立無線區域網路連接。	由于变更了互联网连接设置，无线局域网连接将结束。重新建立无线局域网连接。	التوصيل بشبكة LAN اللاسلكية سينتهي بسبب تغييرات في إعدادات التوصيل بالانترنت. أعد القيام بتوصيل شبكة LAN اللاسلكية.	Internet bağlantısı ayarlarındaki değişiklikler nedeniyle kablosuz LAN bağlantısı sonlanacak. Kablosuz LAN bağlantısını yeniden kurun.
WG-C10 will reboot to complete the update. The connection between WG-C10 and the wireless LAN will end, so reconnect and confirm that the update has been properly completed after the rebooting.							アップデートを完了させるために、WG-C10は再起動を行います。WG-C10との無線LAN接続が切断されますので、起動後に再接続の操作を行い、正しくアップデートされていることを確認してください。	WG-C10 va redémarrer afin de compléter la mise à jour. La connexion entre WG-C10 et le LAN sans fil va prendre fin. Rétablissez la connexion et confirmez que la mise à jour a été complétée correctement après le redémarrage.	WG-C10 wird neu gestartet, um das Update abzuschließen. Da die Verbindung zwischen WG-C10 und dem Wireless-LAN beendet wird, neu verbinden und bestätigen, dass das Update nach dem Neustart richtig abgeschlossen wurde.	WG-C10 si riavvierà per completare l'aggiornamento. La connessione tra WG-C10 e la LAN senza fili verrà terminata; ricollegarsi e verificare che l'aggiornamento è stato completato correttamente dopo il riavvio.	WG-C10 gaat opnieuw starten om de update te voltooien. De verbinding tussen WG-C10 en het draadloze LAN wordt verbroken. Verbind opnieuw en controleer dat de update correct werd voltooid na opnieuw te starten.	WG-C10 se va a reiniciar para completar la actualización. La conexión entre WG-C10 y la LAN inalámbrica se va a interrumpir. Vuelva a establecer la conexión y confirme que la actualización se completó correctamente después de reiniciar.	업데이트를 완료하기 위해 WG-C10이(가) 재부팅됩니다. 무선 LAN과 WG-C10의 연결이 끊어지므로, 재부팅 후 다시 연결하여 업데이트가 제대로 완료되었는지 확인하십시오.	WG-C10將重新開機以完成更新。WG-C10和無線LAN之間的連線將結束，因此重新連線並確認重新開機後正確完成更新。	WG-C10将重启以完成更新。WG-C10和无线LAN之间的连接将结束，因此重新连接并确认重启之后更新正常完成。	<font dir="RTL" style="text-align:right;">ستتم إعادة تشغيل WG-C10 لإنهاء التحديث. سينتهي التوصيل بين WG-C10 وشبكة LAN اللاسلكية، لذا قم بإعادة التوصيل وتأكد من أن التحديث انتهى كما ينبغي بعد إعادة التشغيل.</font>	WG-C10, güncellemeyi tamamlamak için yeniden başlatılacak. WG-C10 ve kablosuz LAN arasındaki bağlantı sonlanacak, bu yüzden yeniden bağlanın ve yeniden başlattıktan sonra güncellemenin düzgün şekilde tamamlandığını onaylayın.
The Wireless LAN connection will end due to changes in the network address setting. Establish a Wireless LAN connection.							WG-C10のネットワークアドレスが変更されたため、WG-C10との無線LAN接続が切断されます。無線LANの接続を行ってください。	La connexion LAN sans fil avec la WG-C10 va prendre fin à cause de changements dans le réglage de l'adresse réseau du WG-C10. Établissez une connexion LAN sans fil.	Die WLAN-Verbindung mit WG-C10 wird wegen Änderungen in der WG-C10 Netzwerkadressen-Einstellung beendet. Stellen Sie eine WLAN-Verbindung her.	La connessione LAN senza fili con il WG-C10 verrà terminata a causa delle modifiche alle impostazioni dell'indirizzo di rete del WG-C10. Stabilire una connessione LAN senza fili.	De draadloze LAN-verbinding met de WG-C10 wordt verbroken omwille van wijzigingen in de instelling voor het netwerkadres van de WG-C10. Breng een draadloze LAN-verbinding tot stand.	La conexión LAN inalámbrica con el WG-C10 se va a interrumpir debido a cambios en el ajuste de dirección de red del WG-C10. Establezca una conexión LAN inalámbrica.	WG-C10 네트워크 주소 설정이 변경되어 WG-C10과의 무선 LAN 연결이 종료됩니다. 무선 LAN 연결을 설정하십시오.	由於變更了WG-C10的網路位置設定，與WG-C10的無線區域網路連接將結束。建立無線區域網路連接。	由于变更了WG-C10的网络地址设置，与WG-C10的无线局域网连接将结束。建立无线局域网连接。	توصيل شبكة LAN اللاسلكية بالجهاز WG-C10 سينتهي بسبب تغييرات في إعدادات عنوان الشبكة للجهاز WG-C10. قم بتوصيل شبكة LAN اللاسلكية.	WG-C10 ağ adresi ayarlarındaki değişiklikler nedeniyle WG-C10 ile kablosuz LAN bağlantısı sonlanacak. Kablosuz bir LAN bağlantısı kurun.
Invalid firmware file.							無効なファームウェアファイル。	Fichier du micro-logiciel non valide.	Ungültige Firmware-Datei.	File firmware non valido.	Ongeldig firmwarebestand.	Archivo de firmware no válido.	펌웨어 파일이 잘못되었습니다.	無效韌體檔案。	无效固件文件。	ملف برنامج ثابت غير صالح.	Geçersiz donanım yazılımı dosyası.
Language setting complete.							 言語の設定は完了です。	Réglage linguistique terminé.	Spracheinstellung abgeschlossen.	Impostazione lingua completata.	Taalinstelling voltooid.	Configuración de idioma terminada.	언어 설정이 완료되었습니다.	語言設定完成。	语言设置完成。	اكتملت تهيئة اللغة.	Dil ayarı tamamlandı.
It's recommended to use WPA2 for security.							 セキュリティ強度の高いWPA2を推奨します。	Il est recommandé d'utiliser WPA2 pour la sécurité.	Es wird empfohlen, zur Sicherheit WPA2 zu verwenden.	Si raccomanda di utilizzare WPA2 per sicurezza.	Het is aanbevolen WPA2 te gebruiken voor de beveiliging.	Se recomienda utilizar WPA2 para la seguridad.	보안을 위해 WPA2를 사용할 것을 권장합니다.	基於安全性，建議您使用WPA2。	为安全起见，建议使用WPA2。	يوصى باستعمال WPA2 للحماية.	Güvenlik için WPA2 kullanılması önerilir.
Password is not same.							パスワードが一致しません。	Le nouveau mot de passe et le mot de passe saisi à nouveau ne correspondent pas.	Neues Passwort und erneut eingegebenes Passwort stimmen nicht überein.	La nuova password e la password reimmessa non corrispondono.	Het nieuwe wachtwoord en het opnieuw ingevoerde wachtwoord stemmen niet overeen.	La nueva contraseña y la contraseña escrita de nuevo no coinciden.	새 비밀번호와 다시 입력한 비밀번호가 일치하지 않습니다.	新密碼與再次輸入的密碼不相符。	新密码或重新输入的密码不相符。	كلمة المرور الجديدة وكلمة المرور المعاد إدخالها لا تتطابقان.	Yeni parola ve yeniden girilen parola eşleşmiyor.
Begin update right now? #							すぐにアップデートを開始しますか？ #	Commencer la mise à jour maintenant ? #	Update jetzt starten? #	Iniziare l'aggiornamento in questo momento? #	Update nu starten? #	¿Iniciar la actualización ahora? #	지금 업데이트를 시작하시겠습니까? #	立刻開始更新嗎？ #	立即开始更新吗？ #	الآن؟هل تبدأ التحديث #	Güncellemeye hemen şimdi başlansın mı? # 
With this set-up, you can use the internet while connecting your PC to Portable Wireless Server via Wireless LAN.							PCをポータブルワイヤレスサーバーに無線LANで接続したまま、PCからインターネットに接続するための設定です。	Grâce à cette configuration, vous pourrez utiliser Internet lorsque vous connectez votre PC au Portable Wireless Server via le LAN sans fil.	Mit dieser Konfiguration können Sie das Internet benutzen, während Ihr PC mit dem Portable Wireless Server via WLAN verbunden ist.	Con questa configurazione è possibile utilizzare Internet mentre si connette il PC al Portable Wireless Server tramite LAN Wireless.	Dankzij deze installatie kunt u internet gebruiken terwijl uw PC via draadloos LAN met de Portable Wireless Server verbonden is.	Con esta configuración podrá utilizar Internet mientras su PC está conectado a su Portable Wireless Server vía LAN inalámbrica.	이 설정을 수행하면 무선 LAN을 통해 PC를 Portable Wireless Server에 연결하는 동안 인터넷을 사용할 수 있습니다.	若使用此設定，當您的電腦透過無線區域網路連接至Portable Wireless Server時，即可使用網際網路。	通过该设置，可在通过无线局域网将您的电脑连接至Portable Wireless Server时使用互联网。	بواسطة هذه التهيئة، يمكنك استعمال الانترنت عند توصيل الكمبيوتر بجهاز Portable Wireless Server عبر شبكة LAN اللاسلكية.	Bu ayarla PC'nizi Kablosuz LAN yoluyla Portable Wireless Server'a bağlarken Internet'i kullanabilirsiniz.
This set-up is very important to use a wireless LAN device.<br>Without this set-up, other compatible devices within transmission range can connect to your Portable Wireless Sever.<br>You must do this set-up to protect your security.							無線LAN機器を使うために非常に重要な設定です。<br>セキュリティを設定しないと、通信範囲内の他の対応機器からも本機への接続が可能になります。セキュリティ保護のため、必ず設定をしてください。	Cette configuration est très importante pour l'utilisation d'un appareil LAN sans fil.<br>Sans cette configuration, d'autres appareils compatibles se trouvant à portée de transmission peuvent se connecter à votre Portable Wireless Server.<br>Vous devez effectuer cette configuration afin de protéger votre sécurité.	Diese Konfiguration ist für die Verwendung eines WLAN-Geräts sehr wichtig.<br>Ohne diese Konfiguration können sich andere kompatible Geräte innerhalb des Sendebereichs mit Ihrem Portable Wireless Server verbinden.<br>Diese Konfiguration müssen Sie zu Ihrer Sicherheit ausführen.	Questa configurazione è molto importante per utilizzare un dispositivo LAN wireless.<br>Senza questa configurazione, altri dispositivi compatibili entro il raggio di trasmissione possono connettersi al Portable Wireless Server.<br>Questa configurazione va eseguita per proteggere la propria sicurezza.	Deze installatie is zeer belangrijk bij het gebruik van een draadloos LAN-apparaat.<br>Zonder deze instelling kunnen andere compatibele apparaten die zich binnen het transmissiebereik bevinden een verbinding tot stand brengen met uw Portable Wireless Server.<br>U moet deze installatie uitvoeren om uw beveiliging te beschermen.	Esta configuración es muy importante para utilizar un dispositivo de LAN inalámbrica.<br>Sin esta configuración, otros dispositivos compatibles dentro del alcance de transmisión se pueden conectar a su Portable Wireless Server.<br>Debe hacer esta configuración para proteger su seguridad.	이 설정은 무선 LAN 장치를 사용하는 데 매우 중요합니다.<br> 설정을 수행하지 않으면, 전송 범위 내 다른 호환되는 장치들이 Portable Wireless Server에 연결될 수 있습니다.<br>보안을 유지하려면 이 설정을 수행해야 합니다.	此設定對於使用無線區域網路裝置而言相當重要。<br>若不進行此設定，位於傳輸範圍內的其他相容裝置即可連接至您的Portable Wireless Server。<br>您必須進行此設定以保護安全性。	该设置对于使用无线局域网设备而言非常重要。<br>若不进行该设置，传输范围内的其他兼容设备可连接至Portable Wireless Server。<br>您必须进行该设置以保护安全性。	هذه التهيئة مهمة جدا لاستعمال جهاز شبكة LAN اللاسلكية.<br>بدون هذه التهيئة، يمكن توصيل أجهزة متوافقة أخرى ضمن نطاق الإرسال بجهاز Portable Wireless Server.‏<br>يجب عليك القيام بهذه التهيئة لضمان الحماية.	kablosuz bir LAN aygıtı kullanmak için bu ayar çok önemlidir.<br>Bu ayar olmadan, iletim aralığındaki diğer uyumlu aygıtlar Portable Wireless Server'ınıza bağlanabilir.<br>Güvenliğinizi korumak için bu ayarı yapmanız gerekir.
Searching...							検索中…	Recherche …	Suche …	Cerca …	Zoeken …	Buscar…	검색…	搜尋中…	搜索中…	بحث	Ara...
