Welcome	Vítejte	Velkommen	Willkommen	Bienvenido	Bienvenido	Καλώς ορίσατε	Bienvenue	Benvenuto	Üdvözöljük!	Welkom	Velkommen	Witaj	Bem-vindo	Bun venit	Tervetuloa	Välkommen	Hoş Geldiniz	Общая информация	ยินดีต้อนรับ	ようこそ	환영합니다	欢迎	歡迎
Guest	Anonymní uživatel	Gæst	Gast	Invitado	Invitado	Επισκέπτης	Invité	Ospite	Vendég	Gast	Gjest	Gość	Convidado	Oaspete	Vieras	Gäst	Misafir	Гость	แขก	ゲスト	게스트	访客	訪客
Admin	Admin	Admin	Admin	Admin	Admin	Διαχειριστής	Admin	Admin	Rendszergazda	Beheerder	Admin	Administrator	Admin	Administrator	Järjestelmänvalvoja	Admin	Yönetici	Администратор	ผู้ดูแลระบบ	Admin	관리자	管理员	管理員
Login	Přihlášení	Log ind	Anmelden	Iniciar sesión	Inicio de sesión	Σύνδεση	Connexion	Accesso	Bejelentkezés	Inloggen	Pålogging	Login	Login	Conectare	Kirjaudu sisään	Logga in	Oturum Aç	Вход	ล็อกอิน	ログイン	로그인	登入	登錄
Dashboard	Ovládací panel	Dashboard	Dashboard	Panel de control	Tablero de control	Dashboard	Tableau de bord	Dashboard	Műszerfal	Dashboard	Panel	Panel sterowania	Painel	Tablou de bord	Kojelauta	Instrumentpanel	Pano	Информационная панель	แดชบอร์ด	ダッシュボード	대시보드	主控台	主控台
Setting	Nastavení	Indstilling	Einstellung	Configuración	Configuración	Ρύθμιση	Paramètres	Impostazione	Beállítás	Instellingen	Innstilling	Ustawienia	Configuração	Setare	Asetus	Inställning	Ayar	Настройка	การตั้งค่า	設定	설정	设定	設定
Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internett	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Internet	Интернет	อินเตอร์เน็ต	インターネット	인터넷	因特网	網際網路
Home	Domovská stránka	Startside	Startseite	Inicio	Inicio	Αρχική	Accueil	Pagina principale	Kezdőlap	Home	Hjem	Główna	Início	Acasă	Koti	Startsida	Giriş	Главная	หน้าหลัก	ホーム	홈	首页	首頁
CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	Επεξεργαστής	Processeur	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	Keskusyksikkö	CPU	İşlemci	ЦП	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU	CPU
Memory	Paměť	Hukommelse	Arbeitsspeicher	Memoria	Memoria	Μνήμη	Mémoire	Memoria	Memória	Geheugen	Minne	Pamięć	Memória	Memorie	Muisti	Minne	Bellek	Память	หน่วยความจำ	メモリ	메모리	内存	記憶體
Device(s)	Zařízení	Enhed(er)	Gerät(e)	Dispositivos	Dispositivo(s)	Συσκευή(ές)	Appareil(s)	Dispositivo/i	Eszköz(ök)	Apparaten	Enhet(er)	Urządzenia	Dispositivo(s)	Dispozitiv(e)	Laitteet	Enhet(er)	Aygıtlar	Устройство(-а)	อุปกรณ์	デバイス	장치	连线装置	連線裝置
Time	Čas	Tid	Zeit	Hora	Tiempo	Ώρα	Heure	Ora:	Idő	Tijd	Tid	Czas	Tempo	Oră	Aika	Tid	Saat	Время	เวลา	時刻	시간	时间	時間
mins	minuty	min.	Min.	minutos	minutos	λεπτά	mins	min	perc	min	min	min	mins	minute	minuuttia	min 	dk.	минут	นาที	分	분	分钟	分鐘
N/A	N/A	Ikke relevant	Nicht zutreffend	N/A	N/A	Δ/Ι	S/O	N/D	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A	N/A	Indisponibil	Ei sovellu	N/A	N/A	НЕТ	ไม่มี	該当なし	해당 없음	N/A	N/A
Battery Status	Stav baterie	Batteristatus	Akkustatus	Estado de la batería	Estado de la batería	Κατάσταση μπαταρίας	État de la batterie	Stato batteria	Akkumulátor állapota	Batterijstatus	Batteristatus	Stan baterii	Estado da bateria	Stare baterie	Akun tila	Batteristatus	Pil Durumu	Состояние батареи	สถานะแบตเตอรี่	電池の状態	배터리 상태	电池状态	電池狀況
Power Level	Úroveň napájení	Strømniveau	Ladestand	Nivel de potencia	Nivel de energía	Επίπεδο ενέργειας	Niveau de puissance	Livello potenza	Töltöttségi szint	Energieniveau	Effektnivå	Poziom zasilania	Nível de energia	Nivel alimentare	Varaustaso	Strömnivå	Güç Düzeyi	Уровень мощности	ระดับพลังงาน	残量レベル	전원 수준	剩余电量	剩餘電量
Charge Status	Stav nabití	Opladningsstatus	Ladezustand	Estado de carga	Estado de la carga	Κατάσταση φόρτισης	État de chargement	Stato carica	Töltési állapot	Oplaadstatus	Ladestatus	Status zasilania	Status de Carga	Stare încărcare	Latauksen tila	Laddningsstatus	Şarj Durumu	Состояние заряда	สถานะการชาร์จ	充電の状態	충전 상태	充电状态	充電狀況
Charging	Nabíjím	Oplader	Wird geladen	Cargando	Cargando	Φορτίζεται	Chargement	In carica	Töltés folyamatban	Opladen	Ladning	Ładowanie	Carregando	Se încarcă	Ladataan	Laddar	Şarj ediyor	Зарядка	กำลังชาร์จ	充電中	충전 중	充电中	充電中
Not Charging	Nenabíjím	Oplader ikke	Wird nicht geladen	No cargando	Sin cargar	Δεν φορτίζεται	Pas en chargement	Non in carica	Nem tölt	Er wordt niet opgeladen	Lader ikke	Nie ładuje	Não Carregando	Nu se încarcă	Ei ladata	Laddas inte	Şarj etmiyor	Нет зарядки	ไม่ได้ชาร์จ	充電していません	충전 안 함	未充电	未充電
Unknown	Neznámý	Ukendt	Unbekannt	Desconocido	Desconocido	Άγνωστο	Inconnu	Sconosciuto	Ismeretlen	Onbekend	Ukjent	Nieznany	Desconhecido	Necunoscută	Tuntematon	Okänd	Bilinmiyor	Неизвестно	ไม่ทราบ	不明	알 수 없음	未知	不明
Storage Status	Stav úložišť	Hukommelsesstatus	Speicherstatus	Estado de almacenamiento	Estado de almacenamiento	Κατάσταση αποθήκευσης	État du stockage	Stato archivio	Tárhely állapota	Opslagstatus	Lagerstatus	Status pamięci	Status de Armazenamento	Stare stocare	Tallennustilan tila	Lagringsstatus	Depolama Durumu	Состояние хранилища	สถานะพื้นที่จัดเก็บข้อมูล	ストレージの状態	스토리지 상태	储存空间状态	儲存空間狀況
Not Available	Nedostupný	Ikke tilgængelig	Nicht verfügbar	No disponible	No disponible	Δεν διατίθεται	Non disponible	Non disponibile	Nem érhető el	Niet beschikbaar	Ikke tilgjengelig	Niedostępne	Não disponível	Indisponibil	Ei käytettävissä	Inte tillgänglig	Mevcut Değil	Нет	ไม่มี	該当なし	사용할 수 없음	无法使用	無法使用
USB Drive	Disková jednotka USB	USB-drev	USB-Laufwerk	Unidad USB	Unidad USB	Μονάδα USB	Disque USB	Unità USB	USB-meghajtó	USB-drive	USB-stasjon	Napęd USB	Drive USB	Unitate USB	USB-levyasema	USB-enhet	USB Sürücü	USB-накопитель	ไดร์ฟ USB	USB ドライブ	USB 드라이브	USB随身碟	USB隨身碟
SD Card	Karta SD	SD-kort	SD-Karte	Tarjeta SD	Tarjeta SD	Κάρτα SD	Carte SD	Scheda SD	SD-kártya	SD-kaart	SD-kort	Karta SD	Cartão SD	Card SD	SD-kortti	SD-kort	SD Kartı	SD-карта	SD การ์ด	SD カード	SD 카드	SD卡	SD卡
USB Used	USB využíváno	USB brugt	USB belegt	USB usado	Se utilizó USB	USB σε χρήση	USB utilisé	USB usato	Használt tárhely: USB	USB gebruikt	USB-brukt	USB używany	USB Usado	Capacitate utilizată USB	Käytetty USB	USB som används	USB Kullanılan	Использующееся USB	ใช้ USB	使用されている USB	사용된 USB	使用之中的USB装置	使用中之USB裝置
SD Used	SD využíváno	SD-kort brugt	SD belegt	SD usada	Se utilizó SD	SD σε χρήση	SD utilisé	SD usata	Használt tárhely: SD	SD gebruikt	SD-brukt	SD używany	SD Usado	Capacitate utilizată SD	Käytetty SD	SD-kort som används	SD Kullanılan	Использующаяся SD	ใช้ SD	使用されている SD	사용된 SD	使用之中的SD卡	使用中之SD卡
Link Status	Stav spojení	Linkstatus	Verbindungsstatus	Estado del enlace	Estado del enlace	Κατάσταση συνδέσμου	État de la liaison	Stato collegamento	Kapcsolat állapota	Linkstatus	Koblingsstatus	Status linku	Status do Link	Stare asociere	Linkin tila	Länkstatus	Bağlantı Durumu	Статус соединения	สถานะลิงค์	リンクの状態	연결 상태	联机状态	網路連線
Connection Type	Typ připojení	Forbindelsestype	Verbindungstyp	Tipo de Conexión	Tipo de Conexión 	Τύπος σύνδεσης	Type de connexion	Tipo connessione	Kapcsolat típusa	Verbindingstype	Tilkoblingstype	Typy połączenia	Tipo de Conexão	Tip conexiune	Yhteystyyppi	Anslutningstyp	Bağlantı Türü	Тип подключения	ชนิดการเชื่อมต่อ	接続の種類	연결 유형	联机型态	連線類型
Link State	Stav spojení	Linkstatus	Verbindungszustand	Estado de enlace	Estado del enlace	Κατάσταση συνδέσμου	État de liaison	Stato collegamento	Kapcsolat állapota	Linkstatus	Koblingstilstand	Stan linku	Estado do Link	Stadiu asociere	Linkin tila	Länktillstånd	Bağlantı Durumu	Состояние соединения	สถานะลิงค์	リンクの状態	링크 상태	联机状态	連線狀況
IP Address	Adresa IP	IP-adresse	IP-Adresse	Dirección IP	Dirección IP	Διεύθυνση IP	Adresse IP	Indirizzo IP	IP-cím	IP-adres	IP-adresse	Adres IP	Endereço de IP	Adresă IP	IP-osoite	IP-adress	IP Adresi	IP-адрес	IP แอดเดรส	IP アドレス	IP 주소	IP地址	外部IP位置
Model Name	Název modelu	Modelnavn	Modellname	Nombre del modelo	Nombre del modelo	Όνομα μοντέλου	Nom du modèle	Nome del modello	Típusnév	Modelnaam	Modellnavn	Nazwa modelu	Nome do Modelo	Nume model	Mallin nimi	Modellnamn	Model Adı	Название модели	ชื่อรุ่น	モデル名	모델 이름	产品型号	產品型號
Firmware Version	Verze firmware	Firmwareversion	Firmware-Version	Versión del firmware	Versión del firmware	Έκδοση υλικολογισμικού	Version du firmware	Versione firmware	Firmware-verzió	Firmwareversie	Fastvareversjon	Wersja oprogramowania firmowego	Versão do Firmware	Versiune firmware	Laiteohjelmistoversio	Version av inbyggd programvara	Aygıt Yazılımı Sürümü	Версия встроенного ПО	เวอร์ชั่นเฟิร์มแวร์	ファームウェアバージョン	펌웨어 버전	固件版本	韌體版本
Up time	Doba chodu	Oppetid	Betriebszeit	Tiempo de funcionamiento	Tiempo de activación	Χρόνος σε λειτουργία	Durée de fonctionnement	Tempo di attività	Működési idő	Tijd actief	Oppetid	Czas pracy	Tempo de operação	Durată funcţionare	Käyttösuhde	Upptid	Açık olma süresi	Доступное время	เวลาที่ทำงาน	動作可能時間	가동 시간	已开机时间	已開機時間
Traffic	Provoz	Trafik	Datenverkehr	Tráfico	Tráfico	Κυκλοφορία	Trafic	Traffico	Forgalom	Verkeer	Trafikk	Ruch	Tráfego	Trafic	Liikenne	Trafik	Trafik	Трафик	การรับส่งข้อมูล	トラフィック	트래픽	流量统计	流量統計
Device	Zařízení	Enhed	Gerät	Dispositivo	Dispositivo	Συσκευή	Appareil	Dispositivo	Eszköz	Apparaat	Enhet	Urządzenie	Dispositivo	Dispozitiv	Laite	Enhet	Aygıt	Устройство	อุปกรณ์	デバイス	장치	装置	裝置
Device Name	Název zařízení	Enhedsnavn	Gerätename	Nombre del dispositivo	Nombre de dispositivo	Όνομα συσκευής	Nom de l\'appareil	Nome dispositivo	Eszköz neve	Apparaatnaam	Enhetsnavn	Nazwa urządzenia	Nome do Dispositivo	Nume dispozitiv	Laitteen nimi	Enhetsnamn	Aygıt Adı	Имя устройства	ชื่ออุปกรณ์	デバイス名	장치 이름	装置名称	裝置名稱
DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	DHCP	自动取得IP(DHCP)	DHCP
IP Address Pool	Seznam adres IP	IP-adressepulje	IP-Adresspool	Conjunto de direcciones IP	Grupo de direcciones IP	Χώρος συγκέντρωσης διευθύνσεων IP	Pool d\'adresse IP	Pool di indirizzi IP	IP-címkészlet	IP-adrespool	Tilgjengelige IP-adresser	Pula adresów IP	Grupo de Endereço de IP	Rezervor adrese IP	IP-osoitevaranto	IP-adresspool	IP Adresi Havuzu	Пул IP-адресов	IP แอดเดรสพูล	IP アドレスプール	IP 주소 풀	IP位址范围	IP位址範圍
LAN	Síť LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	LAN	ЛВС	LAN	LAN	LAN	内部网络	內部網路
Network Address	Síťová adresa	Netværksadresse	Netzwerkadresse	Dirección de red	Dirección de red	Διεύθυνση δικτύου	Adresse de réseau	Indirizzo di rete	Hálózati cím	Netwerkadres	Nettverksadresse	Adres sieciowy	Endereço de Rede	Adresă reţea	Verkko-osoite	Nätverksadress	Ağ Adresi	Сетевой адрес	ที่อยู่เครือข่าย	ネットワークアドレス	네트워크 주소	内部网络位址	內部網路位址
Wireless Security	Zabezpečení bezdrátové sítě	Trådløs sikkerhed	Sicherheit für drahtlose Verbindungen	Seguridad inalámbrica	Seguridad inalámbrica	Ασύρματη ασφάλεια	Sécurité sans fil	Protezione wireless	Vezeték nélküli biztonság	Beveiliging draadloze verbinding	Trådløs sikkerhet	Bezpieczeństwo bezprzewodowe	Segurança Sem Fio	Securitate conexiune wireless	Langaton suojaus	Trådlös säkerhet	Kablosuz Güvenliği	Защита беспроводной сети	ความปลอดภัยระบบไร้สาย	無線セキュリティ	무선 보안	无线网络安全	無線網路安全
Security Type	Typ zabezpečení	Sikkerhedstype	Sicherheitstyp	Tipo de seguridad	Tipo de seguridad	Τύπος ασφάλειας	Type de sécurité	Tipo di protezione	Biztonság típusa	Beveiligingstype	Sikkerhetstype	Typ zabezpieczenia	Tipo de Segurança	Tip securitate	Suojaustyyppi	Säkerhetstyp	Güvenlik Türü	Тип защиты	ชนิดความปลอดภัย	セキュリティタイプ	보안 유형	加密类型	加密類型
Disable	Zakázat	Deaktiver	Deaktivieren	Deshabilitar	Desactivar	Απενεργοποίηση	Désactiver	Disabilita	Letiltás	Uitschakelen	Deaktiver	Wyłącz	Desativar	Dezactivată	Pois käytöstä	Inaktivera	Devre Dışı Bırak	Отключить	ปิดทำงาน	無効	비활성화	已停用	已停用
WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP	WEP
WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA	WPA
WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2	WPA2
WPA2 is recommended for the highest security.	Pro co nejvyšší zabezpečení doporučujeme WPA2.	WPA2 anbefales for højeste sikkerhed.	WPA2 wird für größtmögliche Sicherheit empfohlen.	WPA2 se recomienda para obtener la mayor seguridad.	Se recomienda WPA2 para máxima seguridad.	Το WPA2 συνιστάται για τη μεγαλύτερη δυνατή ασφάλεια.	WPA2 est recommandé pour la meilleure sécurité.	WPA2 è consigliabile per la massima sicurezza.	A legmagasabb fokú biztonság érdekében a WPA2-t javasoljuk.	Voor een beveiliging van het allerhoogste niveau wordt WPA2 aangeraden.	WPA2 anbefales for å gi best mulig sikkerhet.	WPA2 jest zalecany dla najwyższego bezpieczeństwa.	WPA2 é recomendado para a maior segurança.	Criptarea WPA2 este recomandată pentru obţinerea celui mai înalt nivel de securitate.	WPA2 on suositeltava korkeimpaan suojaukseen.	WPA2 rekommenderas för högsta möjliga säkerhet.	En yüksek güvenlik için WPA2 önerilir.	Для высокой безопасности рекомендуется WPA2.	แนะนำ WPA2 สำหรับความปลอดภัยสูงสุด	セキュリティの最も厳しい WPA2 が推奨されます。	WPA2는 가장 높은 수준의 보안 시 권장됩니다.	建议使用WPA2加密	建議使用WPA2加密
Password	Heslo	Adgangskode	Kennwort	Contraseña	Contraseña	Κωδικός πρόσβασης	Mot de passe	Password	Jelszó	Wachtwoord	Passord	Hasło	Senha	Parolă	Salasana	Lösenord	Şifre	Пароль	รหัสผ่าน	パスワード	비밀번호	密码	密碼
Admin Password	Heslo uživatele Admin	Adgangskode for administrator	Admin-Kennwort	Contraseña de Admin	Contraseña de Admin	Κωδικός πρόσβασης διαχειριστή	Mot de passe Admin	Password admin	Rendszergazda-jelszó	Wachtwoord beheerder	Administratorpassord	Hasło administratora	Senha do Administrador	Parolă administrator	Järjestelmänvalvojan salasana	Admin-lösenord	Yönetici Şifresi	Пароль администратора	รหัสผ่านผู้ดูแลระบบ	管理パスワード	관리자 비밀번호	管理员密码	管理員密碼
Change Password	Změna hesla	Ændre adgangskode	Kennwort ändern	Cambiar contraseña	Cambiar la contraseña	Αλλαγή κωδικού πρόσβασης	Modifier le mot de passe	Cambia Password	Jelszó módosítása	Wachtwoord wijzigen	Endre Passord	Zmiana hasła	Senha de Desafio	Schimbare parolă	Vaihda salasana	Ändra lösenord	Şifre Değiştir	Изменить пароль	เปลี่ยนรหัสผ่าน	パスワードの変更	비밀번호 변경	更改密码	更改密碼
Re-type Password	Napište heslo znovu	Gentag adgangskode	Kennwort erneut eingeben	Volver a introducir la contraseña	Vuelva a escribir la contraseña	Επανάληψη πληκτρολόγησης κωδικού πρόσβασης	Entrer à nouveau le mot de passe	Digitare di nuovo la password	Jelszó megismétlése	Wachtwoord opnieuw invoeren	Gjenta passord	Wprowadź ponownie hasło	Re-digitar Senha	Reintroduceţi parola	Näppäile salasana uudelleen	Skriv lösenordet igen	Şifreyi Yeniden Girin	Повторить пароль	พิมพ์รหัสผ่านใหม่	パスワードの再入力	비밀번호 다시 입력	确认新密码	確認新密碼
Please use a combination of uppercase & lowercase letters with numbers.	Používejte prosím kombinaci velkých a malých písmen a číslic.	Brug en kombination af store og små bogstaver med tal.	Bitte verwenden Sie eine Kombination von Groß- und Kleinbuchstaben mit Zahlen.	Use una combinación de letras mayúsculas, minúsculas y números.	Utilice una combinación de letras mayúsculas y minúsculas con números.	Χρησιμοποιήστε συνδυασμό κεφαλαίων και πεζών γραμμάτων με αριθμούς.	Veuillez utiliser une combinaison de lettes majuscules et minuscules avec des chiffres.	Usare una combinazione di lettere maiuscole e minuscole con dei numeri.	A jelszónak kis- és nagybetűt, valamint számot is tartalmaznia kell.	Gebruik een combinatie van hoofd- en kleine letters plus cijfers.	Bruk en kombinasjon av store og små bokstaver og tall.	Użyj kombinacji dużych i małych liter oraz cyfr.	Use uma combinação de letras maiúsculas e minúsculas com números.	Folosiţi o combinaţie de majuscule, minuscule şi cifre.	Käytä isojen ja pienten kirjainten yhdistelmää ja numeroita.	Använd en kombination av versaler, gemener och siffror. 	Lütfen rakamlarla birlikte büyük ve küçük harflerin birleşimini kullanın.	Используйте комбинацию букв в верхнем и нижнем регистре и цифры.	โปรดใช้ชุดตัวอักษรตัวใหญ่ตัวอักษรตัวเล็กและหมายเลข	パスワードは大文字、小文字と数字を組み合わせて作成してください。	대문자와 소문자, 그리고 숫자를 조합해서 사용하십시오.	请使用英文大小写字母及数字之组合。	請使用英文大小寫字母及數字之組合
System	Systém	System	System	Sistema	Sistema	Σύστημα	Système	Sistema	Rendszer	Systeem	System	System	Sistema	Sistem	Järjestelmä	System	Sistem	Система	ระบบ	システム	시스템	系统	系統
Reset to default settings	Reset na výchozí nastavení	Nulstil til standardindstillinger	Auf Standardeinstellungen zurücksetzen	Restablecer los valores predeterminados	Restablecer a la configuración predeterminada	Επαναφορά στις προεπιλεγμένες ρυθμίσεις	Réinitialiser aux paramètres par défaut	Reimposta impostazioni predefinite	Visszaállítás az alapértelmezett beállításokra	Resetten naar standaard instellingen	Tilbakestill til standard	Przywrócić do ustawień domyślnych	Reiniciar para as configurações padrão	Restabilire setări implicite	Palauta oletusasetuksiin	Återställ till standardinställningar	Varsayılan ayarlara geri yükle	Сбросить на параметры по умолчанию	รีเซ็ตเป็นการตั้งค่าเริ่มต้น	初期設定に戻します	기본 설정값으로 초기화	回复原厂预设值	回復原廠預設值
System Reboot	Restart systému	Genstart af system	Systemneustart	Reiniciar el sistema	Reinicio del sistema	Επανεκκίνηση συστήματος	Redémarrage du système	Riavvio del sistema	Rendszer újraindítása	Systeem rebooten	System omstart	Ponowne uruchomienie systemu	Reinício do Sistema	Repornire sistem	Järjestelmän uudelleenkäynnistys	Systemomstart	Sistemi Yeniden Başlat	Перезагрузка системы	รีบู๊ตระบบ	システムリブート	시스템 재부팅	重新启动	重新啟動
Reset	Resetovat	Nulstil	Zurücksetzen	Restablecer	Restablecer	Επαναφορά	Réinitialiser	Reset	Visszaállítás	Resetten	Tilbakestill	Reset	Reiniciar	Resetare	Nollaa	Återställ  	Sıfırla	Сброс	รีเซ็ต	リセット	초기화	重置	回復
Reboot	Restartovat	Genstart	Neustart	Reiniciar	Reiniciar	Επανεκκίνηση	Redémarrer	Riavvio	Újraindítás	Rebooten	Omstart	Uruchom ponownie	Reiniciar	Repornire	Käynnistä uudelleen	Starta om	Yeniden başlat	Перезагрузка	รีบู๊ต	再起動	재부팅	重启	重啟
Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Υλικολογισμικό	Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Firmware	Fastvare	Oprogramowanie firmowe	Firmware	Firmware	Laiteohjelmisto	Inbyggd programvara	Aygıt yazılımı	Встроенное ПО	เฟิร์มแวร์	ファームウェア	펌웨어	韧体	韌體
Version	Verze	Version	Version	Versión	Versión	Έκδοση	Version	Versione	Verzió	Versie	Versjon	Wersja	Versão	Versiune	Versio	Version	Sürüm	Версия	เวอร์ชั่น	バージョン	버전	版本	版本
Upgrade	Aktualizace	Opgrader	Upgrade	Actualizar	Actualizar	Αναβάθμιση	Mise à jour	Aggiorna	Frissítés	Upgraden	Oppgrader	Aktualizuj	Atualizar	Upgrade	Päivitä	Uppgradera	Yükselt	Обновление	อัพเกรด	アップグレード	업그레이드	更新	更新
Choose	Vybrat	Vælg	Auswählen	Escoger	Seleccione	Επιλογή	Choisir	Scegli	Választás	Kiezen	Velg	Wybierz 	Escolher	Alegere	Valitse	Välj 	Seç	Выбрать	เลือก	選択	선택	选择档案	選擇檔案
Save	Uložit	Gem	Speichern	Guardar	Guardar	Αποθήκευση	Enregistrer	Salva	Mentés	Opslaan	Lagre	Zapisz	Salvar	Salvare	Tallenna	Spara	Kaydet	Сохранить	บันทึก	保存	저장	储存	儲存
Cancel	Zrušit	Annuller	Abbrechen	Cancelar	Cancelar	Άκυρο	Annuler	Annulla	Mégse	Annuleren	Avbryt	Anuluj	Cancelar	Revocare	Peru	Avbryt	İptal	Отмена	ยกเลิก	キャンセル	취소	取消	取消
Wired Internet	Internet po drátě	Internet med kabel	Drahtgebundenes Internet	Internet cableada	Internet con cable	Ενσύρματο Internet	Internet câblé	Internet cablato	Vezetékes internet	Bedraad Internet	Kablet Internett	Internet przewodowy	Internet cabeada	Internet prin cablu	Langallinen internet	Trådburen internetanslutning	Kablolu Internet	Проводной Интернет	อินเตอร์เน็ตแบบมีสาย	有線インターネット	유선 인터넷	有线网络	有線網路
Wireless Internet	Bezdrátový Internet	Trådløs internet	Drahtloses Internet	Internet inalámbrica	Internet inalámbrica	Ασύρματο Internet	Internet sans fil	Internet wireless	Vezeték nélküli internet	Draadloos Internet	Trådløst Internett	Internet bezprzewodowy	Internet sem fio	Internet wireless	Langaton internet	Trådlös internetanslutning	Kablosuz Internet	Беспроводной Интернет	อินเตอร์เน็ตแบบไร้สาย	無線インターネット	무선 인터넷	无线网络	無線網路
USB Internet	Internet přes USB	Internet via USB	USB-Internet	Internet USB	Internet USB	USB Internet	Internet USB	Internet USB	USB internet	USB-Internet	USB-Internett	Internet USB	Internet USB	Internet prin USB	USB-internet	USB-internet	USB Internet	Интернет по USB	อินเตอร์เน็ต USB	USB インターネット	USB 인터넷	USB网络	USB 網路
Select this if you have a username and password.	Jestliže máte uživatelské jméno a heslo, vyberte tohle.	Vælg dette, hvis du har et brugernavn og adgangskode.	Wählen Sie diese Option, wenn Sie einen Benutzernamen und ein Kennwort haben.	Seleccione esto si tiene un nombre de usuario y contraseña.	Seleccione esta opción si tiene nombre de usuario y contraseña.	Επιλέξτε αυτό εάν διαθέτετε όνομα χρήστη και κωδικό πρόσβασης.	Sélectionnez ceci si vous avez un nom d\'utilisateur et un mot de passe.	Selezionare se si possiede un nome utente e una password.	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget, ha már van felhasználóneve és jelszava.	Kies dit als u een gebruikersnaam en wachtwoord hebt.	Velg dette hvis du har et brukernavn og passord.	Wybierz, jeżeli posiadasz nazwę użytkownika oraz hasło.	Selecione esta opção se você tiver um nome de usuário e senha.	Selectaţi această opţiune dacă aveţi un nume de utilizator şi o parolă.	Valitse tämä, jos sinulla on käyttäjänimi ja salasana	Välj detta alternativ om du har ett användarnamn och lösenord.	Bir kullanıcı adınız ve şifreniz varsa bunu seçin.	Выберите, если у вас есть имя пользователя и пароль.	เลือกรายการนี้หากคุณมีชื่อผู้ใช้และรหัสผ่าน	ユーザー名とパスワードが与えられている場合はこれを選択します。	사용자 이름과 비밀번호가 있는 경우 이를 선택합니다.	若您有拨接用的帐号密码，请选择此选项。	若您有撥接用的帳號密碼，請選擇此選項。
Select this if you know the IP address.	Jestliže znáte adresu IP, vyberte tohle.	Vælg dette, hvis du kender IP-adressen.	Wählen Sie diese Option, wenn Sie die IP-Adresse kennen.	Seleccione esto si sabe la dirección IP.	Seleccione esta opción si conoce la dirección IP.	Επιλέξτε αυτό εάν γνωρίζετε τη διεύθυνση IP.	Sélectionnez ceci si vous connaissez l\'adresse IP.	Selezionare se si conosce l\'indirizzo IP.	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget, ha ismeri az IP-címet.	Kies dit als u het IP-adres weet.	Velg dette hvis du vet IP-adressen.	Wybierz, jeżeli znasz adres IP.	Selecione esta opção se você souber o endereço de IP.	Selectaţi această opţiune dacă ştiţi adresa IP.	Valitse tämä, jos tiedät IP-osoitteen.	Välj detta alternativ om du vet IP-adressen.	IP adresini biliyorsanız bunu seçin.	Выберите, если знаете IP-адрес.	เลือกรายการนี้หากคุณรู้ IP แอดเดรส	IP アドレスが与えられている場合はこれを選択します。	IP 주소를 아는 경우 이를 선택합니다.	若您已知IP地址，请选择此选项。	若您已知IP位址，請選擇此選項。
Select this if you have none of the above.	Jestliže nic z výše uvedeného nemáte, vyberte tohle.	Vælg dette, hvis du ikke har nogen af ovenstående.	Wählen Sie diese Option, wenn beide obigen Möglichkeiten nicht zutreffen.	Seleccione esto si no tiene nada de lo anterior.	Seleccione esta opción si no tiene ninguna de las anteriores.	Επιλέξτε αυτό εάν δεν ισχύει κανένα από τα παραπάνω.	Sélectionnez ceci si aucune des options ci-dessus.	Selezionare se non si conosce nessuno dei precedenti.	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget, ha a fentiek közül egyik sem vonatkozik Önre.	Kies dit als u niets van het bovenstaande hebt.	Velg dette hvis du ikke har noe av det nevnte.	Wybierz, jeżeli nie posiadasz żadnego z powyższych.	Selecione esta opção se você não tiver nenhum os acima.	Selectaţi această opţiune dacă nu îndepliniţi niciuna din condiţiile de mai sus.	Valitse tämä, jos sinulla ei ole mitään yllä mainituista.	Välj detta alternativ om inget av ovanstående gäller.	Yukarıdakilerden hiçbirine sahip değilseniz bunu seçin.	Выберите, если у вас нет ничего из указанного выше.	เลือกรายการนี้หากคุณไม่มีรายการทั้งหมดที่กล่าวมา	上記のいずれにも該当しない場合はこれを選択します。	위의 항목 중 아무 것도 없는 경우 이를 선택합니다.	若您没有上述资讯，请选择此选项。	若您沒有上述資訊，請選擇此選項。
Unplugged	Vypojeno	Frakoblet	Nicht angeschlossen	Desconectado	Desenchufado	Εκτός σύνδεσης	Non branché	Non collegato	Kihúzva	Ontkoppeld	Frakoblet	Odłączony	Desplugado	Deconectat	Ei liitetty	Inte ansluten	Bağlantısız	Отключено	ถอดปลั๊กแล้ว	コードが差し込まれていません	분리됨	未连接缆线	未連接纜線
Plugged	Zapojeno	Tilsluttet	Angeschlossen	Conectado	Enchufado	Συνδεδεμένο	Branché	Collegato	Bedugva	Gekoppeld	Tilkoblet	Podłączony	Plugged	Conectat	Liitetty	Ansluten	Bağlantılı	Подключено	เสียบปลั๊กแล้ว	コードが差し込まれています	연결됨	已连接缆线	已連接纜線
Disconnect	Odpojit	Afbryd	Verbindung trennen	Desconectar	Desconectar	Αποσύνδεση	Déconnecter	Disconnetti	Leválasztás	Afkoppelen	Koble fra	Rozłącz	Desconectar	Deconectare	Irrota	Koppla från	Bağlantıyı Kes	Отключить	เลิกเชื่อมต่อ	切断	연결 끊기	中断连线	中斷連線
Connect	Připojit	Forbind	Verbinden	Conectar	Conectar	Σύνδεση	Connecter	Connetti	Csatlakoztatás	Verbinden	Koble til	Podłącz	Conectar	Conectare	Yhdistä	Anslut  	Bağlan	Подключить	เชื่อมต่อ	接続	연결	连线	連線
Connected	Připojeno	Forbundet	Verbunden	Conectado	Conectado	Έχει συνδεθεί	Connecté	Connesso	Csatlakoztatva	Verbonden	Tilkoblet	Połączony	Conectado	Conectat	Yhdistetty	Ansluten	Bağlandı	Подключено	เชื่อมต่อแล้ว	接続しています	연결됨	已经连线	已經連線
Connecting	Připojuji	Opretter forbindelse	Verbindungsaufbau	Conectando	Conectando	Σύνδεση σε εξέλιξη	Connexion en cours	Connessione in corso	Csatlakozás	Verbinding maken	Kobler til	Łączenie	Conectando	Se conectează	Yhdistäminen	Ansluter	Bağlanıyor	Подключение	กำลังเชื่อมต่อ	接続中	연결 중	连线中	連線中
Connection Failed	Připojení se nezdařilo	Forbindelse mislykkedes	Verbindungsaufbau fehlgeschlagen	Error en la conexión	Error en la conexión	Η σύνδεση απέτυχε	Échec de connexion	Connessione non riuscita	Sikertelen csatlakozás	Verbinding maken mislukt.	Tilkobling mislyktes	Połączenie nie powiodło się	Falha na Conexão	Conectare eşuată	Yhdistäminen epäonnistui	Anslutningen misslyckades	Bağlantı Başarısız	Ошибка подключения	การเชื่อมต่อล้มเหลว	接続に失敗しました	연결 실패	连线失败	連線失敗
Search	Vyhledávání	Søg	Suche	Buscar	Buscar	Αναζήτηση	Rechercher	Ricerca	Keresés	Zoeken	Søk	Szukaj	Pesquisar	Căutare	Haku	Sök	Ara	Поиск	ค้นหา	検索	검색	搜寻	搜尋
iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone 	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	iPhone	苹果iPhone	蘋果iPhone
Android phone	Telefon s OS Android	Android phone	Android-Telefon	Teléfono Android	Teléfono Android	Τηλέφωνο Android	Téléphone Android	Telefono Android	Android telefon	Android telefoon	Android-telefon	Telefon Android	Telefone Android	Telefon Android	Android-puhelin	Android-telefon	Android telefon	Телефон Android	โทรศัพท์ Android	Android スマートフォン	Android 폰	Android 手机	Android手機
3G/4G Mobile Internet	Mobilní Internet 3G/4G	3G/4G mobil internet	Mobiles Internet 3G/4G	Internet móvil de 3G/4G	Internet móvil 3G/4G 	Internet για κινητά 3G/4G	Internet mobile 3G/4G	Internet mobile 3G/4G	3G/4G mobilinternet	3G/4G Mobiel Internet	3G/4G mobilt Internett	Internet mobilny 3G/4G	Internet Móvel 3G/4G	Internet mobil 3G/4G	3G/4G-mobiili-internet	3G/4G mobilt internet	3G/4G Mobil Internet	Мобильный Интернет 3G/4G	อินเตอร์เน็ตโทรศัพท์เคลื่อนที่ 3G/4G	3G/4G モバイルインターネット	3G/4G 모바일 인터넷	3G／4G网络卡	3G／4G網路卡
Select this to tether via iPhone.	Touto volbou můžete vytvořit mobilní přípojný bod pomocí iPhone.	Vælg dette for at tether via iPhone.	Wählen Sie diese Option für eine Verbindung via iPhone.	Seleccione esto para compartir usando un iPhone.	Seleccione esta opción para anclar mediante iPhone.	Επιλέξτε αυτό για πρόσδεση μέσω iPhone.	Sélectionner ceci pour lier via iPhone.	Selezionare per il tethering via iPhone.	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget az internetkapcsolat iPhone-on keresztüli megosztásához.	Kies dit om verbinding te maken via een iPhone.	Velg dette for å tilknytte via iPhone.	Wybierz, aby włączyć funkcję tether poprzez iPhone.	Selecione esta opção para emparelhar via iPhone.	Selectaţi această opţiune pentru a vă conecta prin dispozitivul iPhone.	Valitse tämä yhdistääksesi iPhonella.	Välj detta alternativ för att internetdela via iPhone.	iPhone aracılığıyla bağlamak için bunu seçin.	Выберите этот параметр для привязки через iPhone.	เลือกรายการนี้เพื่อปล่อยสัญญาณอินเตอร์เน็ตโดยใช้ iPhone	iPhone 経由で接続する場合はこれを選択します。	iPhone을 통해 테더링하려면 이를 선택합니다.	若透过USB连接iPhone来分享网络，请选择此选项。	若透過USB連接iPhone來分享網路，請選擇此選項。
Select this to tether via Android.	Touto volbou můžete vytvořit mobilní přípojný bod pomocí OS Android. 	Vælg dette for at tether via Android. 	Wählen Sie diese Option für eine Verbindung via Android. 	Seleccione esto para compartir usando Android. 	Seleccione esta opción para anclar mediante Android. 	Επιλέξτε αυτό για πρόσδεση μέσω Android. 	Sélectionner ceci pour lier via Android. 	Selezionare per il tethering via Android. 	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget az internetkapcsolat Android készüléken keresztüli megosztásához. 	Kies dit om verbinding te maken via een Android. 	Velg dette for å tilknytte via Android. 	Wybierz, aby włączyć funkcję tether poprzez Androida. 	Selecione esta opção para emparelhar via Android. 	Selectaţi această opţiune pentru a vă conecta prin dispozitivul Android. 	Valitse tämä yhdistääksesi Androidilla. 	Välj detta alternativ för att internetdela via Android.	Android aracılığıyla bağlamak için bunu seçin. 	Выберите этот параметр для привязки через Android. 	เลือกรายการนี้เพื่อปล่อยสัญญาณอินเตอร์เน็ตโดยใช้ Android 	Android 経由で接続する場合はこれを選択します。 	Android를 통해 테더링하려면 이를 선택합니다. 	若透过USB连接Android手机来分享网络，请选择此选项。 	若透過USB連接Android手機來分享網路，請選擇此選項。
Select this to tether via a 3G/4G dongle.	Touto volbou můžete vytvořit mobilní přípojný bod pomocí 3G/4G modemu. 	Vælg dette for at tether via en 3G/4G-dongle. 	Wählen Sie diese Option für eine Verbindung via 3G/4G-Dongle. 	Seleccione esto para compartir usando una llave electrónica 3G/4G. 	Seleccione esta opción para anclar mediante dongle 3G/4G. 	Επιλέξτε αυτό για πρόσδεση μέσω κλειδιού 3G/4G. 	Sélectionner ceci pour lier via un dongle 3G/4G. 	Selezionare per il tethering via dongle 3G/4G. 	Válassza ezt a lehetőséget az internetkapcsolat 3G/4G kulcson keresztüli megosztásához. 	Kies dit om verbinding te maken via een 3G/4G dongle. 	Velg dette for å tilknytte via en 3G/4G-dongle. 	Wybierz, aby włączyć funkcję tether poprzez klucz sprzętowy 3G/4G. 	Selecione esta opção para emparelhar através de um dongle 3G/4G. 	Selectaţi această opţiune pentru a vă conecta prin intermediul unei chei 3G/4G. 	Valitse tämä yhdistääksesi 3G/4G-käyttöavaimella. 	Välj detta alternativ för att internetdela via en dongel (hårdvarulås).	3G/4G cihazıyla bağlamak için bunu seçin. 	Выберите этот параметр для привязки через аппаратный ключ 3G/4G. 	เลือกรายการนี้เพื่อปล่อยสัญญาณอินเตอร์เน็ตโดยใช้ดองเกิล 3G/4G 	3G/4G ドングル経由で接続する場合はこれを選択します。 	3G/4G 동글을 통해 테더링하려면 이를 선택합니다. 	若透过3G/4G网络卡连接网络，请选择此选项。 	若透過3G／4G網路卡連接網路，請選擇此選項。
Refresh	Obnovit	Opdater	Aktualisieren	Actualizar	Actualizar	Ανανέωση	Actualiser	Aggiorna	Frissítés	Vernieuwen	Oppdater	Odśwież	Atualizar	Reîmprospătare	Virkistä	Uppdatera	Yenile	Обновить	รีเฟรช	更新	새로 고침	重新整理	重新整理
PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE	PPPoE
User Name	Uživatelské jméno	Brugernavn	Benutzername	Nombre de usuario	Nombre de usuario	Όνομα χρήστη	Nom d\'utilisateur	Nome utente	Felhasználónév	Gebruikersnaam	Brukernavn	Nazwa użytkownika	Nome de Usuário	Nume utilizator	Käyttäjänimi	Användarnamn	Kullanıcı Adı	Имя пользователя	ชื่อผู้ใช้	ユーザー名	사용자 이름	使用者名称	使用者名稱
Static IP	Statická adresa IP	Statisk IP	Statische IP-Adresse	Dirección IP estática	IP estática	Στατική IP	IP statique	IP statico	Statikus IP-cím	Statisch IP-adres	Statisk IP	Statyczny IP	IP Estático	Adresă IP statică	Staattinen IP	Statisk IP	Statik IP	Статический IP-адрес	IP คงที่	静的 IP	정적 IP	固定IP	固定IP
External IP Address	Externí adresa IP	Ekstern IP-adresse	Externe IP-Adresse	Dirección IP externa	Dirección IP externa	Εξωτερική διεύθυνση IP	Adresse IP externe	Indirizzo IP esterno	Külső IP-cím	Extern IP-adres	Ekstern IP-adresse	Zewnętrzny adres IP	Endereço de IP Externo	Adresă IP externă	Ulkoinen IP-osoite	Extern IP-adress	Harici IP Adresi	Внешний IP-адрес	IP แอดเดรสภายนอก	外部 IP アドレス	외부 IP 주소	外部IP地址	外部IP位址
Netmask	Maska sítě	Netmaske	Netzmaske	Máscara de red	Máscara de red	Μάσκα δικτύου	Masque de réseau	Maschera di rete	Hálózati maszk	netmasker	Nettmaske	Maska sieci	Máscara de rede	Mască reţea	Verkkopeite	Nätmask	Ağ maskesi	Маска сети	เน็ตมาสก์	ネットマスク	Netmask	子网掩码	網路遮罩
Gateway	Brána	Adgangspunkt	Gateway	Puerta de enlace	Puerta de enlace	Πύλη	Passerelle	Gateway	Átjáró	Gateway	Gateway	Brama	Gateway	Gateway	Yhdyskäytävä	Gateway	Ağ Geçidi	Шлюз	เกตเวย์	ゲートウェイ	게이트웨이	通讯闸	預設閘道
Static DNS 1	Statický server DNS 1	Statisk DNS 1	Statische DNS 1	DNS 1 estática	DNS 1 estática	Στατικός DNS 1	DNS 1 statique	DNS 1 statico	1. statikus DNS-cím	Statische DNS 1	Statisk DNS 1	Statyczny DNS 1	DNS Estático 1	Server DNS 1 static	Staattinen DNS 1	Statisk DNS 1	Statik DNS 1	Статический DNS 1	DNS 1 คงที่	静的 DNS 1	정적 DNS 1	静态DNS 1	靜態DNS 1
Static DNS 2	Statický server DNS 2	Statisk DNS 2	Statische DNS 2	DNS 2 estática	DNS 2 estática	Στατικός DNS 2	DNS 2 statique	DNS 2 statico	2. statikus DNS-cím	Statische DNS 2	Statisk DNS 2	Statyczny DNS 2	DNS Estático 2	Server DNS 2 static	Staattinen DNS 2	Statisk DNS 2	Statik DNS 2	Статический DNS 2	DNS 2 คงที่	静的 DNS 2	정적 DNS 2	静态DNS 2	靜態DNS 2
3G/4G dongle	3G/4G modem	3G/4G-dongle	3G/4G-Dongle	Llave electrónica 3G/4G	Dongle 3G/4G 	Κλειδί 3G/4G	Dongle 3G/4G	Dongle 3G/4G	3G/4G kulcs	3G/4G dongle	3G/4G-dongle	Klucz sprzętowy G/4G	Dongle 3G/4G	Cheie 3G/4G	3G/4G-käyttöavain	3G-/4G-dongel	3G/4G cihazı	Аппаратный ключ 3G/4G	ดองเกิล 3G/4G	3G/4G ドングル	3G/4G 동글	3G/4G 网络卡	3G／4G網路卡
APN Type	Typ APN	APN-type	APN-Typ	Tipo de APN	Tipo APN	Τύπος APN	Type APN	Tipo APN	APN típusa	APN-type	APN-type	Typ APN	Tipo de APN	Tip APN	APN-tyyppi	APN-typ	APN Türü	Тип APN	ชนิด APN	APN タイプ	APN 유형	连接点（APN）设定方式	連接點（APN）設定方式
Auto	Automaticky	Automatisk	Autom.	Autom.	Auto	Αυτόματος	Auto	Auto	Automatikus	Auto	Auto	Auto	Auto	Automat	Automaattinen	Auto	Otomatik	Авто	อัตโนมัติ	自動	자동	自动	自動
Manual	Manuálně	Manuel	Manuell	Manual	Manual	Μη αυτόματος	Manuel	Manuale	Kézi	Gebruiksaanwijzing	Manuell	Ręczny	Manual	Manual	Manuaalinen	Manuell	Elle	Вручную	ธรรมดา	手動	설명서	手动	手動
Access Point Name	Název přístupového bodu	Navn for adgangspunkt	Name des Zugangspunkts	Nombre del punto de acceso	Nombre del punto de acceso	Όνομα σημείου πρόσβασης	Nom du point d\'accès	Nome punto di accesso	Hozzáférési pont neve	Naam toegangspunt	Aksesspunktnavn	Access Point Name	Nome do Ponto de Acesso	Nume punct de acces	Tukiaseman nimi	Åtkomstpunktens namn	Erişim Noktası Adı	Имя точки доступа	ชื่อจุดการเช้าถึง	アクセスポイント名	액세스 지점 이름	连接点名称	連接點名稱
APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN	APN
PIN	PIN	Pinkode	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN	PIN码	PIN碼
Dial Number	Vytáčecí číslo	Forvalgsnummer	Nummer wählen	Número de marcación	Número de marcado	Αριθμός κλήσης	Composer numéro	Numero di chiamata	Tárcsázandó szám	Telefoonnummer	Slå nummer	Wybierz numer	Número de Discagem	Formare număr	Valintanumero	Slå nummer	Çevirme Numarası	Телефонный номер	หมายเลขหมุน	ダイヤル番号	다이얼 번호	拨接号码	撥接號碼
WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	WISP	无线网络连线	無線網路連線
Key	Klíč	Nøgle	Schlüssel	Clave	Clave	Κλειδί	Clé	Chiave	Kulcs	Sleutel	Nøkkel	Przycisk	Tecla	Cheie	Avain	Nyckel för trådlöst nätverk	Anahtar	Ключ	คีย์	キー	키	无线网络密码	無線網路密碼
Re-type Key	Znovu napsat klíč	Gentag nøgle	Schlüssel erneut eingeben	Volver a introducir la clave	Vuelva a escribir la clave	Επανάληψη πληκτρολόγησης κλειδιού	Entrer à nouveau la clé	Digitare di nuovo la chiave	Kulcs megismétlése	Sleutel nogmaals invoeren	Gjenta nøkkel	Wprowadź ponownie klucz	Re-digitar Chave	Reintroducere cheia	Näppäile avain uudelleen	Ange nyckel för trådlöst nätverk igen	Anahtarı Yeniden Girin	Повтор ключа	พิมพ์คีย์ใหม่	キーの再入力	키 다시 입력	重新输入密码	重新輸入密碼
The Key is an ASCII string of 8-63 digits	Klíčem je ASCII řetězec délky 8-63 znaků	Nøglen er en ASCII-streng med 8-63 cifre	Der Schlüssel ist eine ASCII-Zeichenkette mit 8 – 63 Stellen.	La clave es una cadena de caracteres ASCII entre 8-63 dígitos	La clave es una secuencia ASCII de 8 a 63 dígitos	Το κλειδί είναι μια συμβολοσειρά ASCII αποτελούμενη από 8-63 ψηφία	La clé doit être une chaîne ASCII d\'entre 8-63 caractères	La chiave una stringa ASCII di 8-63 numeri	A kulcs egy 8–63 jegyű ASCII karakterlánc	De sleutel is een ASCII-string die uit 8 - 63 cijfers bestaat	Nøkkelen er en ASCII-streng på 8–63 tegn	Klucz to ciąg 8-63 cyfr ASCII	A Chave é uma sequência de caracteres ASCII de 8-63 dígitos	Cheia reprezintă un şir ASCII de 8-63 de cifre	Avain on 8–63-numeroinen ASCII-merkkijono	Nyckeln är en ASCII-sträng på 8‒63 siffror 	Anahtar, 8-63 basamaklı bir ASCII dizesidir.	Ключ является строкой ASCII из 8–63 цифр	คีย์คือชุดตัวอักษร ASCII 8-63 หลัก	キーは 8 ～ 63 桁の ASCII 文字列です	키는 8-63 자릿수의 ASCII 문자열입니다.	密码为8-63位半形英数字。	密碼為8-63位半形英數字
The Key must have value.	Klíč musí mít hodnotu.	Nøglen skal have en værdi.	Der Schlüssel muss einen Wert aufweisen.	La clave debe tener un valor.	Debe tener valor.	Το κλειδί πρέπει να έχει τιμή.	La clé doit avoir une valeur.	La chiave deve avere un valore.	A kulcsnak kötelező valamilyen értéket tartalmaznia.	De sleutel moet een waarde bevatten.	Nøkkelen må ha verdi.	Klucz musi mieć wartość.	A Chave deve ter valor.	Este obligatoriu să introduceţi o valoare pentru cheie.	Avaimella on oltava arvo.	Nyckeln måste ha ett värde.	Anahtar bir değere sahip olmalıdır.	Ключ должен иметь значение.	คีย์ต้องมีค่า	キーには値を含める必要があります。	키에는 값이 있어야 합니다.	密码不可为空白。	密碼不可為空白
SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID	SSID
Signal	Signál	Signal	Signal	Señal	Señal	Σήμα	Signal	Segnale	Jel	Signaal	Signal	Sygnał	Sinal	Semnal	Signaali	Signal	Sinyal	Сигнал	สัญญาณ	信号	신호	信号强度	信號強度
Action	Úkon	Handling	Aktion	Acción	Acción	Ενέργεια	Action	Azione	Művelet	Actie	Action	Działanie	Ação	Acţiune	Toiminta	Åtgärd	Eylem	Действие	การกระทำ	アクション	작업	动作	動作
Forget	Zapomenout	Glem	Vergessen	Olvidar	Olvidar	Παράβλεψη	Oublié	Dimenticato	Törlés	Vergeten	Glem	Zapomnij	Esquecer	Eliminare	Unohda	Glöm	Unut	Забыть	ลืม	忘れる	잊음	忽略此连线	忽略此連線
Target SSID	Cílový SSID	Destinations-SSID	Ziel-SSID	SSID objetivo	SSID de destino	Το SSID στόχος	SSID cible	SSID target	Cél SSID	Doel-SSID	Mål-SSID	Punkt docelowy SSID	SSID Alvo	SSID destinaţie	Kohde-SSID	Mål-SSID	Hedef SSID	Целевой SSID	เป้าหมาย SSID	ターゲット SSID	대상 SSID	目标SSID	目標SSID
will connect to the selected network. Please reconnect later.	se připojí k vybrané síti. Připojte se prosím později znovu.	vil forbinde til det valgte netværk. Forbind igen senere.	stellt eine Verbindung zum gewählten Netzwerk her. Bitte stellen Sie die Verbindung zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt erneut her.	se conectará con la red seleccionada. Vuelva a conectarse después.	se conecta a la red seleccionada. Vuelva a conectarse más tarde.	θα συνδεθεί στο επιλεγμέν	va conncter au réseau sélectionné. Veuillez reconnecter plus tard.	si connetterà alla rete selezionata. Riconnettere più tardi.	a kiválasztott hálózathoz kapcsolódik. Kérjük, csatlakozzon újra később.	zal verbinding maken met het geselecteerde netwerk. Probeer later opnieuw verbinding te maken.	vil koble til det valgte nettverket. Koble til på nytt senere.	połączy z wybraną siecią. Połącz ponownie później.	irá seconectar à rede selecionada. Reconecte mais tarde.	se va conecta la reţeaua selectată. Reconectaţi-vă mai târziu.	yhdistää valittuun verkkoon. Yhdistä uudelleen myöhemmin.	kommer att ansluta till det valda nätverket. Anslut igen senare.	seçilen ağa bağlanacak. Lütfendaha sonra yeniden bağlanın.	подключится к выбранной сети. Восстановите подключение позже.	จะเชื่อมต่อกับเครือข่ายที่เลือก โปรดเชื่อมต่อใหม่ภายหลัง	選択したネットワークに接続します。 後で再接続してください。	선택한 네트워크에 연결됩니다. 나중에 다시 연결하십시오.	将会连接到指定的网络，请稍后重新连线。	將會連接到指定的網路，請稍後重新連線。	
Please enter the same password in both fields.	Zadejte prosím do obou polí stejné heslo.	Indtast den samme adgangskode i begge felter.	Bitte geben Sie in beide Felder dasselbe Kennwort ein.	Introduzca la misma contraseña en los dos campos.	Especifique la misma contraseña en ambos campos.	Καταχωρήστε τον ίδιο κωδικό πρόσβασης και στα δύο πεδία.	Veuillez entrer le même mot de passe dans les deux champs.	Inserire la stessa password in entrambe i campi.	Kérjük, hogy mindkét mezőben ugyanazt a jelszót adja meg.	Voer in beide velden hetzelfde wachtwoord in.	Angi samme passord i begge felt.	Wprowadź takie samo hasło w obu polach.	Digite a mesma senha em ambos os campos.	Introduceţi aceeaşi parolă în ambele câmpuri.	Anna sama salasana molempiin kenttiin.	Ange samma lösenord i bägge fälten.	Lütfen her iki alana da aynı şifreyi girin.	Введите тот же пароль в оба поля.	โปรดใส่รหัสผ่านเดียวกันในทั้งสองช่อง	両方のフィールドに同じパスワードを入力してください。	두 개의 필드에 동일한 비밀번호를 입력하십시오.	请在两个栏位输入相同的密码。	請在兩個欄位內輸入相同的密碼。
The password does not match.	Hesla se neshodují.	Adgangskoderne stemmer ikke overens.	Das Kennwort stimmt nicht überein.	Las contraseñas no coinciden.	La contraseña no coincide.	Ο κωδικός πρόσβασης δεν ταιριάζει.	Les mots de passe sont différents.	La password non corrisponde.	A jelszó nem egyezik.	De wachtwoorden zijn niet hetzelfde.	Passordet matcher ikke.	Hasła nie pasują.	A senha não combina.	Parolele nu corespund.	Salasana ei täsmää.	Lösenorden matchar inte.	Şifre uyuşmuyor.	Пароль не совпадает.	รหัสผ่านไม่ตรง	パスワードが一致しません。	비밀번호가 일치하지 않습니다.	密码不一致。	密碼不一致。
For ADSL, VDSL, Cable Modem, and Static IP users.	Pro uživatele ADSL, VDSL, kabelového modemu, a statické adresy IP.	For brugere af ADSL, VDSL, kabelmodem og statisk IP.	Für ADSL, VDSL, Kabelmodem und Benutzer mit statischer IP-Adresse.	Para los usuarios con ADSL, VDSL, módem con cable y direcciones IP estáticas.	Para usuarios de ADSL, VDSL, cable módem, e IP estática.	Για χρήστες ADSL, VDSL, καλωδιακού μόντεμ και στατικής IP.	Pour les utilisateurs de ADSL, VDSL, modem câble et d\'IP statique.	Per utenti ADSL, VDSL, Modem cablato e IP statico.	ADSL, VDSL, kábelmodemes és statikus IP-címes felhasználók esetén.	Voor ADSL, VDSL, kabelmodem, en gebruikers met een statisch IP-adres.	For brukere av ADSL, VDSL, kabelmodem og statisk IP-adresse.	Dla użytkowników ADSL, VDSL, modemu przewodowego oraz statycznego IP.	Para os usuários de ADSL, VDSL, Cable Modem, e IP estático.	Pentru utilizatorii care se conectează prin reţele ADSL, VDSL, cu modem prin cablu şi cu adrese IP statice.	ADSL:n, VDSL:n, kaapelimodeemin ja staattisen IP:n käyttäjille.	För användare av ADSL, VDSL, kabelmodem och statisk IP.	ADSL, VDSL, Kablo Modem ve Statik IP kullanıcıları için.	Для пользователей ADSL, VDSL, кабельного модема и статического IP-адреса.	สำหรับ ADSL, VDSL, โมเด็มแบบสาย และผู้ใช้ IP คงที่	ADSL、VDSL、ケーブルモデム、静的 IP をご利用の場合。	ADSL, VDSL, 케이블 모뎀 및 정적 IP 사용자의 경우.	使用有线网络、ADSL、VDSL、或Cable Modem的使用者。	使用有線網路、ADSL、VDSL、或Cable Modem的使用者。
For wireless and hotspots users.	Pro uživatele bezdrátových sítí a hotspotů.	For brugere af trådløs og hotspots.	Für Drahtlos- und Hotspot-Benutzer.	Para los usuarios con centros de conexión cableados e inalámbricos.	Para usuarios de redes inalámbricas y hotspots.	Για χρήστες ασύρματων δικτύων και ενεργών σημείων.	Pour les utilisateurs sans fil et de hotspots.	Per utenti wireless e hotspot.	Vezeték nélküli és hotspot-felhasználók esetén.	Voor draadloze en hotspot-gebruikers.	For brukere av trådløse nettverk og koblingspunkter.	Dla użytkowników bezprzewodowych oraz hotspotów.	Para os usuários sem fio e pontos de acesso.	Pentru utilizatorii care se conectează prin reţele wireless şi prin intermediul hotspoturilor.	Langattoman verkon ja tukiasemien käyttäjille.	För användare av trådlöst internet och surfzoner.	Kablosuz ve etkin nokta kullanıcıları için.	Для пользователей беспроводной связи и точек доступа.	สำหรับผู้ใช้เครือข่ายไร้สายและฮ็อตสป็อต	無線またはホットスポットをご利用の場合。	무선 및 핫스팟 사용자의 경우.	无线网络与热点的使用者。	無線網路與熱點的使用者。
For smartphone and 3G/4G modem users.	Pro uživatele smartphonů a 3G/4G modemů.	For brugere af smartphone og 3G/4G-modem.	Für Benutzer mit Smartphones und 3G/4G-Modems.	Para usuarios con teléfonos inteligentes y módems 3G/4G.	Para usuarios de smartphones y módem 3G/4G.	Για χρήστες smartphone και μόντεμ 3G/4G.	Pour les utilisateurs de smartphone et de modem 3G/4G.	Per utenti smartphone e modem 3G/4G. 	Okostelefonos és 3G/4G modemes felhasználók esetén.	Voor gebruikers met een smartphone en een 3G/4G-modem.	For brukere av smarttelefon og 3G/4G-modem.	Dla użytkowników smartfonów oraz modemów 3G/4G.	Para usuários de smartphone e modem 3G/4G.	Pentru utilizatorii de smartphone-uri şi modemuri 3G/4G.	Älypuhelinten ja 3G/4G-modeemien käyttäjille.	För användare av smarta telefoner och 3G-/4G-modem.	Akıllı telefon ve 3G/4G modem kullanıcıları için.	Для пользователей смартфонов и модемов 3G/4G.	สำหรับผู้ใช้สมาร์ทโฟนและโมเด็ม 3G/4G	スマートフォンまたは 3G/4G モデムをご利用の場合。	스마트폰 및 3G/4G 모뎀 사용자의 경우.	分享智慧型手机网络或3G／4G网络卡的使用者。	分享智慧型手機網路或3G／4G網路卡的使用者。
Copyright	Autorská práva	Copyright	Copyright	Derechos de autor	Copyright	Πνευματικά δικαιώματα	Copyright	Copyright	Szerzői jog	Copyright	Copyright	Prawa autorskie	Direitos Autorais	Copyright	Tekijänoikeudet	Upphovsrätt	Telif Hakkı	Авторские права	Copyright	著作権	저작권	版权所有	版權所有
QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	QNAP Systems, Inc.	威联通科技股份有限公司	威聯通科技股份有限公司
All rights reserved.	Všechna práva vyhrazena.	Alle rettigheder forbeholdes.	Alle Rechte vorbehalten.	Todos los derechos reservados.	Reservados todos los derechos.	Με επιφύλαξη κάθε δικαιώματος.	Tous droits réservés.	Tutti i diritti riservati.	Minden jog fenntartva.	Alle rechten voorbehouden.	Med enerett.	Wszelkie prawa zastrzeżone.	Todos os direitos reservados.	Toate drepturile rezervate.	Kaikki oikeudet pidätetään.	Samtliga rättigheter förbehålles.	Her hakkı saklıdır.	Все права защищены.	สงวนลิขสิทธิ์	著作権所有。	모든 권리가 보유됨.	保留所有相关权利	保留所有相關權利
Upload	Nahrání	Overfør	Hochladen	Cargar	Subir	Μεταφόρτωση	Charger	Carica	Feltöltés	Uploaden	Last opp	Wyślij	Carregar	Încărcare	Siirrä	Ladda upp	Karşıya Yükle	Передать	อัพโหลด	アップロード	업로드	上传	上傳
Download	Stažení	Download	Herunterladen	Descargar	Descarga	Λήψη	Télécharger	Download	Letöltés	Downloaden	Last ned	Pobierz	Download	Descărcare	Lataa	Ladda ned	İndir	Загрузить	ดาวน์โหลด	ダウンロード	다운로드	下载	下載
Logout	Odhlášení	Log ud	Abmelden	Cerrar sesión	Salir	Αποσύνδεση	Déconnexion	Disconnetti	Kijelentkezés	Uitloggen	Logg av	Wylogowanie	Sair	Deconectare	Kirjaudu ulos	Logga ut	Oturumu Kapat	Выход	ออกจากระบบ	ログアウト	로그아웃	登出	登出
Device Information	Informace o zařízení	Enhedsoplysninger	Geräteinformationen	Información del dispositivo	Información acerca del dispositivo	Πληροφορίες συσκευής	Informations sur l\'appareil	Informazioni sul dispositivo	Eszközinformációk	Apparaatinformatie	Enhetsinformasjon	Informacje o urządzeniu	Informações de Equipamento	Informaţii dispozitiv	Laitetiedot	Enhetsinformation	Aygıt Bilgisi	Сведения об устройстве	ข้อมูลอุปกรณ์	デバイス情報	장치 정보	装置资讯	裝置資訊
USB Internet (Apple iPhone)	Internet přes USB (Apple iPhone)	USB-internet (Apple iPhone)	USB-Internet (Apple iPhone)	Internet USB (Apple iPhone)	Internet USB (iPhone Apple)	USB Internet (Apple iPhone)	Internet USB (Apple iPhone)	Internet USB (iPhone Apple)	USB internet (Apple iPhone)	USB Internet (Apple iPhone)	USB-Internett (Apple iPhone)	Internet przez USB (Apple iPhone)	Internet USB (Apple iPhone)	Internet prin USB (Apple iPhone)	USB-internet (Apple iPhone)	USB-internet (Apple iPhone)	USB Internet (Apple iPhone)	Интернет по USB (Apple iPhone)	อินเตอร์เน็ต USB (Apple iPhone)	USB インターネット (Apple iPhone)	USB 인터넷(Apple iPhone)	USB网际网络（苹果iPhone）	USB網際網路（蘋果iPhone）
Web Folder	Webová složka	Webmappe	Web-Ordner	Carpeta web	Carpeta web	Φάκελος Web	Dossier Web	Cartella web	Webes mappa	Webmap	Webmappe	Folder webowy	Pasta Web	Folder web	Web-kansio	Webbmapp	Web Klasörü	Веб-папка	โฟลเดอร์เว็บ	ウェブフォルダー	웹 폴더	档案总管	檔案總管
Read Only	Pouze pro čtení	Skrivebeskyttet	Nur lesen	Solo lectura	Solo lectura	Ανάγνωση μόνο	Lecture seulement	Sola lettura	Írásvédett	Alleen-lezen	Skrivebeskyttet	Tylko do odczytu	Apenas Leitura	Numai pentru citire	Vain luku	Skrivskyddad	Salt Okunur	Только для чтения	อ่านอย่างเดียว	読み取り専用	읽기 전용	唯读	唯讀
Read/Write	Čtení/zápis	Læse/Skrive	Lesen/Schreiben	Lectura y escritura	Lectura/Escritura	Ανάγνωση/Εγγραφή	Lecture/écriture	Lettura/scrittura	Olvasás/Írás	Lezen/schrijven	Lese/skrive	Odczyt/zapis	Leitura/Gravação	Citire/Scriere	Luku/Kirjoitus	Läs-/skrivbehörighet	Okuma/Yazma	Чтение/Запись	อ่าน/เขียน	読み取り/書き込み	읽기/쓰기	可读写	可讀寫
Re-type New Password	Znovu napište nové heslo	Gentag ny adgangskode	Neues Kennwort erneut eingeben	Confirmar nueva contraseña	Vuelva a escribir la contraseña nueva	Επανάληψη πληκτρολόγησης του νέου κωδικού πρόσβασης	Ré-entrer le nouveau mot de passe	Ridigitare la nuova password	Új jelszó megismétlése	Nieuw wachtwoord opnieuw invoeren	Gjenta nytt passord	Wprowadź ponownie nowe hasło	Redigitar Nova Senha	Reintroduceţi noua parolă	Näppäile uusi salasana	Ange nytt lösenord igen	Yeni Şifreyi Yeniden Girin	Повтор нового пароля	พิมพ์รหัสผ่านใหม่อีกครั้ง	新しいパスワードの再入力	새 비밀번호 다시 입력	重新输入密码	重新輸入密碼
5 or 13 characters	5 nebo 13 znaků	5 eller 13 tegn	5 oder 13 Zeichen	5 o 13 caracteres	5 o 13 caracteres	5 ή 13 χαρακτήρες	5 ou 13 caractères	5 o 13 caratteri	5 vagy 13 karakter	5 of 13 karakters	5 eller 13 tegn	5 lub 13 znaków	5 ou 13 caracteres	5 sau 13 caractere	5 tai 13 merkkiä	5 eller 13 tecken	5 ila 13 karakter	5–13 символов	5 หรือ 13 ตัวอักษร	5 または 13 文字	5 또는 13자	5或13个字符	5或13個字元
8-63 characters	8-63 znaků	8 - 63 tegn	8 – 63 Zeichen	8-63 caracteres	8 a 63 caracteres	8-63 χαρακτήρες	8-63 caractères	8-63 caratteri	8–63 karakter	8-63 karakters	8–63 tegn	8-63 znaków	8-63 caracteres	8-63 caractere	8–63 merkkiä	8‒63 tecken	8-63 karakter	8–63 символов	8-63 ตัวอักษร	8 ～ 63 文字	8-63자	8-63个字符	8-63個字元
System update .bin file expected.	Je očekáván soubor aktualizace systému .bin.	Systemopdatering .bin fil forventet.	„.bin-Datei für Systemaktualisierung erwartet.	Se esperaba el archivo de actualización del sistema .bin.	Se espera la actualización del archivo .bin del sistema.	Αναμένεται το αρχείο .bin ενημέρωσης του συστήματος.	Fichier de mise à jour du système « .bin » expecté.	Previsto file .bin aggiornamento di sistema.	Várt elem: rendszerfrissítési „.bin” fájl.	Update .bin bestand voor het systeem verwacht.	Systemoppdateringsfil .bin forventet.	Aktualizacja systemu oczekuje pliku .bin.	Atualização do sistema arquivo .bin esperada.	Se aştepta fişierul „.bin” pentru actualizarea sistemului.	Järjestelmäpäivityksen .bin-tiedostoa odotetaan.	Systemuppdateringsfilen .bin förväntades.	Sistem güncelleme .bin dosyası bekleniyor.	Система ожидает обновления файла .bin.	ต้องการไฟล์อัพเดตระบบ .bin	システム更新の「.bin」ファイルが予想されます。	시스템 업데이트 .bin 파일이 예상됨.	需选择.bin系统更新档。	需選擇.bin系統更新檔。
Are you sure you want to restore to the default configuration?	Opravdu si přejete obnovit výchozí konfiguraci?	Er du sikker på, at du vil gendanne til fabriksindstillingerne?	Sind Sie sicher, dass Sie die Standardkonfiguration wiederherstellen möchten?	¿Está seguro de que desea  restablecer la configuración predeterminada?	¿Está seguro de que desea restablecer los valores a la configuración predeterminada?	Είστε σίγουροι ότι θέλετε επαναφορά στην προεπιλεγμένη διαμόρφωση;	Voulez-vous vraiment restaurer la configuration par défaut ?	Ripristinare la configurazione predefinita?	Biztosan visszaállítja az alapértelmezett konfigurációt?	Weet u zeker dat u de standaard configuratie wilt herstellen?	Er du sikker på at du vil gjenopprette standard konfigurasjon?	Czy jesteś pewien, że chcesz przywrócić do ustawień domyślnych?	Tem certeza que deseja restaurar a configuração padrão?	Sigur doriţi să restauraţi configuraţia implicită?	Haluatko varmasti palauttaa oletusmäärityksen?	Är du säker på att du vill återställa till standardkonfigurationen? 	Varsayılan yapılandırmaya geri yüklemek istediğinizden emin misiniz?	Восстановить конфигурацию по умолчанию?	แน่ใจว่าคุณต้องการกู้คืนการกำหนดค่าเริ่มต้นหรือไม่?	初期設定に戻しますか？	기본 설정으로 복원하시겠습니까?	您确定要回复成原厂预设值?	您確定要回復成原廠預設值？
The firmware is upgraded successfully.	Firmware byl úspěšně aktualizován.	Firmwaren er opgraderet.	Die Firmware wurde erfolgreich aktualisiert.	El firmware se ha actualizado con éxito.	Se actualizó el firmware correctamente.	Το υλικολογισμικό αναβαθμίστηκε με επιτυχία.	Le firmware a été mis à jour correctement.	Upgrade del firmare riuscito.	A firmware-frissítés sikeres volt.	De firmware is met succes bijgewerkt.	Fastvaren er oppdatert.	Oprogramowanie firmowe zostało pomyślnie zaktualizowane.	O firmware está atualizado com sucesso.	S-a făcut upgrade cu succes pentru componenta firmware.	Laiteohjelmiston päivitys onnistui.	Den inbyggda programvaran har uppgraderats.	Aygıt yazılımı başarıyla yükseltildi.	Встроенное ПО обновлено.	อัพเกรดเฟิร์มแวร์สำเร็จแล้ว	ファームウェアがアップグレードされました。	펌웨어가 성공적으로 업그레이드되었습니다.	韧体更新成功。	軔體更新成功。
Rebooting... Please wait.	Restartuji... Čekejte, prosím.	Genstarter... Vent venligst.	Neustart ... Bitte warten.	Reiniciando... Debe esperar.	Reiniciando... Por favor, espere.	Επανεκκίνηση... Περιμένετε.	Redémarrage... Veuillez patienter.	Riavvio in corso... Attendere.	Újraindítás... Kérjük, várjon.	Bezig met rebooten... Een ogenblik geduld s.v.p.	Starter på nytt … Vent litt.	Ponowne uruchamianie... Proszę czekać.	Reiniciando... Aguarde.	Se reporneşte... Aşteptaţi.	Käynnistetään uudelleen... Odota.	Startar om ... Vänta.	Yeniden başlatılıyor... Lütfen bekleyin.	Перезагрузка... Подождите.	กำลังรีบู๊ต... โปรดรอสักครู่	再起動しています... お待ちください。	재부팅 중... 기다려 주십시오.	重新启动中...请稍候。	重新啟動中... 請稍候
Are you sure you want to upgrade using 	Opravdu si přejete aktualizovat pomocí	Er du sikker på, at du vil opgradere med 	Sind Sie sicher, dass Sie die Aktualisierung durchführen möchten mit 	¿Está seguro de que desea actualizar usando 	¿Está seguro de que desea actualizar con 	Είστε σίγουροι ότι θέλετε να αναβαθμίσετε τη χρήση 	Voulez-vous vraiment mettre à jour en utilisant 	Eseguire l\'upgrade con? 	Biztosan elvégzi a frissítést az alábbival: 	Weet u zeker dat u wilt upgraden met behulp van 	Er du sikker på at du vil oppgrader med 	Czy jesteś pewien, że chcesz zaktualizować używając 	Tem certeza de que deseja atualizar usando 	Sigur doriţi să faceţi upgrade utilizând 	Haluatko varmasti päivittää sovelluksella 	Är du säker på att du vill uppgradera med	Şunu kullanarak yükseltmek istediğinize emin misiniz?: 	Обновить при помощи 	แน่ใจว่าคุณต้องการอัพเกรดหรือไม่โดยใช้ 	次の方法でアップグレードしますか？ 	사용하여 업그레이드하시겠습니까? 	请确认使用以下系统更新档 	請確認使用以下系統更新檔
Upgrading firmware…	Aktualizuji firmware…	Opgraderer firmware...	Firmware wird aktualisiert …	Actualizando el firmware...	Actualizando el firmware...	Αναβάθμιση υλικολογισμικού...	Mise à jour du firmware...	Upgrade del firmware in corso...	Firmware frissítése...	Bezig met het upgraden van de firmware...	Oppgraderer fastvare …	Aktualizacja oprogramowania firmowego...	Atualizando firmware...	Se face upgrade pentru componenta firmware…	Päivitetään laiteohjelmistoa...	Uppgraderar den inbyggda programvaran ...	Aygıt yazılımı güncelleniyor...	Обновление встроенного ПО...	กำลังอัพเกรดเฟิร์มแวร์...	ファームウェアをアップグレードしています…	펌웨어를 업그레이드하는 중...	韧体更新中...	韌體更新中 …
Confirm	Potvrdit	Bekræft	Bestätigen	Confirmar	Confirmar	Επιβεβαίωση	Confirmer	Conferma	Megerősítés	Bevestigen	Bekreft	Potwierdź	Confirmar	Confirmare	Vahvista	Bekräfta	Onayla	Подтвердить	ยืนยัน	確認	확인	确认	確認
Saved settings.	Nastavení uložena.	Indstillingerne er gemt.	Einstellungen gespeichert.	Configuración guardada.	Se guardó la configuración.	Αποθηκευμένες ρυθμίσεις.	Réglages enregistrés.	Impostazioni salvate.	Beállítások mentve.	Instellingen opgeslagen.	Lagrede innstillinger.	Zapisz ustawienia.	Configurações salvas.	Setările au fost salvate.	Asetukset tallennettu.	Inställningarna har sparats.	Ayarlar kaydedildi.	Сохраненные параметры.	บันทึกการตั้งค่าแล้ว	設定が保存されました。	저장된 설정.	设定已被储存，	設定已被儲存，
Changes made will take effect immediately.	Provedené změny vstoupí v platnost okamžitě.	Ændringer vil blive anvendt med det samme.	Änderungen werden sofort wirksam.	Los cambios tendrán efecto inmediatamente.	Los cambios efectuados se aplican de inmediato.	Οι αλλαγές που έγιναν θα εφαρμοστούν άμεσα.	Les modifications sont appliquées immédiatement.	Le modifiche verranno applicate immediatamente.	Az elvégzett változtatások azonnal életbe lépnek.	De gemaakte veranderingen zullen meteen worden toegepast.	Endringer får øyeblikkelig virkning.	Dokonane zmiany zostaną wprowadzone ze skutkiem natychmiastowym.	As alterações feitas terão efeito imediato.	Modificările făcute vor fi aplicate imediat.	Tehdyt muutokset tulevat käyttöön heti.	Ändringarna som gjorts börjar gälla omedelbart. 	Değişiklikler hemen etkinleşecektir.	Изменения вступят в силу немедленно.	การเปลี่ยนแปลงจะมีผลทันที	変更内容はすぐに反映されます。	변경 내용이 즉시 적용됩니다.	并即将生效。	並即將生效。
Settings have not been changed.	Nastavení nebyla změněna.	Indstillingerne er ikke blevet ændret.	Einstellungen wurden nicht geändert.	La configuración no ha cambiado.	No se modificó la configuración.	Οι ρυθμίσεις δεν έχουν αλλάξει.	Les réglages n\'ont pas été modifiés.	Le impostazioni non sono state cambiate.	A beállítások nem módosultak.	De instellingen zijn niet veranderd.	Innstillinger er ikke endret.	Ustawienia nie zostały zmienione.	As configurações não foram alteradas.	Setările nu au fost modificate.	Asetuksia ei ole muutettu.	Inställningarna har inte ändrats.	Ayarlar değiştirilmedi.	Параметры не были изменены.	ไม่ได้เปลี่ยนแปลงการตั้งค่า	設定は変更されていません。	설정이 변경되지 않았습니다.	设定值并未被更改。	設定值並未被更動。
You have entered invalid values.	Zadali jste neplatné hodnoty.	Du har indtastet ugyldige værdier.	Sie haben ungültige Werte eingegeben.	Ha introducido valores no válidos.	Ha especificado valores no válidos.	Πληκτρολογήσατε μη έγκυρες τιμές.	Vous avez entré des valeurs incorrectes.	I valori inseriti non sono validi.	Érvénytelen értékeket adott meg.	U het ongeldige waarden ingevoerd.	Du har angitt ugyldige verdier.	Wprowadziłeś nieprawidłowe wartości.	Você inseriu valores inválidos.	Aţi introdus valori nevalide.	Olet syöttänyt kelpaamattomia arvoja.	Du har angett ogiltiga värden.	Geçersiz değerler girdiniz.	Введены недопустимые значения.	คุณได้ใส่ค่าที่ไม่ถูกต้อง	無効な値を入力しました。	잘못된 값을 입력했습니다.	您所输入的值无效，	您所輸入的值無效，
Please try again.	Zkuste to prosím znovu.	Prøv igen.	Bitte versuchen Sie es noch einmal.	Vuelva a intentarlo.	Por favor, inténtelo de nuevo.	Προσπαθήστε ξανά.	Veuillez réessayer.	Riprova	Kérjük, próbálkozzon újra.	Probeer het nog een keer.	Prøv igjen.	Spróbuj ponownie.	Tente novamente.	Încercaţi din nou.	Yritä uudelleen.	Försök igen.	Lütfen tekrar deneyin.	Повторите попытку.	โปรดลองอีกครั้ง	もう一度試してください。	다시 시도하십시오.	请重新输入。	請重新輸入。
Successfully logged in	Úspěšně přihlášen	Log ind gennemført	Erfolgreich angemeldet	Inicio de sesión exitoso	Inició sesión correctamente.	Επιτυχής σύνδεση	Connexion réussie	Accesso riuscito	Sikeres bejelentkezés	Met succes ingelogd.	Vellykket pålogget.	Pomyślnie zalogowano	Logado com sucesso	Conectat cu succes	Sisäänkirjautuminen onnistui	Inloggad	Başarıyla oturum açıldı.	Вход выполнен	เข้าสู่ระบบสำเร็จแล้ว	ログインできました	성공적으로 로그인되었습니다.	登入成功	登入成功
The system will reboot after the upgrade is completed.	Po dokončení aktualizace bude systém restartován.	Systemet genstarter, når opgraderingen er gennemført.	Das System wird nach Abschluss des Upgrades neu gestartet.	El sistema se reiniciará después de que termine la actualización.	Se reinicia el sistema una vez finalizada la actualización.	Το σύστημα θα επανεκκινήσει μετά την ολοκλήρωση της αναβάθμισης.	Le système va redémarrer après la mise à jour.	Il sistema si riavvierà al termine dell\'upgrade.	A rendszer a frissítés befejeződését követően újraindul.	Nadat het upgraden is voltooid zal het systeem gaan rebooten.	Systemet starter på nytt når oppgraderingen er fullført.	Po zakończeniu aktualizacji system zostanie uruchomiony ponownie.	O sistema será reiniciado após a conclusão da atualização.	Sistemul va reporni după finalizarea upgrade-ului.	Järjestelmä käynnistetään uudelleen, kun päivitys on valmis.	Systemet kommer att starta om efter att uppgraderingen slutförts.	Sistem, yükseltme tamamlandıktan sonra yeniden başlayacak.	Система перезагрузится после завершения обновления.	ระบบจะรีบู๊ตหลังจากที่การอัพเกรดเสร็จสิ้น	アップグレードの完了後にシステムが再起動します。	업그레이드가 완료되면 시스템이 재부팅됩니다.	更新成功后，系统将会自动重新开机。	更新成功後，系統將會自動重新開機。
The system cannot update when the battery is under 60%.	Je-li baterie nabita na méně než 60%, systém nemůže provést aktualizaci.	Systemet kan ikke opdatere, når batteriet er under 60 %.	Das System kann nicht aktualisiert werden, wenn der Akkuladestand unter 60 % liegt.	El sistema no se puede actualizar cuando la batería tenga menos del 60% de la carga.	No es posible actualizar el sistema cuando la carga de la batería es inferior al 60%.	Δεν είναι δυνατή η ενημέρωση του συστήματος, όταν η φόρτιση της μπαταρίας είναι κάτω από 60%.	Le système ne peut pas être mis à jour lorsque la batterie est moins de 60%.	Il sistema non può eseguire l\'aggiornamento se la carica della batteria è inferiore al 60%.	A rendszerfrissítéshez legalább 60%-os akkutöltöttség szükséges.	Het systeem kan geen update uitvoeren als het batterijniveau onder de 60% is.	Systemet kan ikke oppdateres når batteriet er under 60 %.	System nie może zostać zaktualizowany, gdy stan baterii jest poniżej 60%.	O sistema não pode atualizar quando a bateria estiver abaixo dos 60%.	Sistemul nu poate fi actualizat dacă nivelul de încărcare a bateriei este mai mic de 60%.	Järjestelmää ei voi päivittää, jos akun varaustaso on alle 60 %.	Systemet kan inte uppdatera när batterinivån är lägre än 60 procent.	Pil düzeyi %60\'ın altında olduğunda sistem güncelleyemez.	Нельзя обновить систему при заряде батареи менее 60%.	ระบบไม่สามารถอัพเดตได้เมื่อแบตเตอรี่เหลือน้อยกว่า 60%	電池の残りが 60% 以下の場合はシステムを更新できません。	배터리 수준이 60% 미만이면 시스템을 업데이트할 수 없습니다.	电池电量至少需要60%，系统才能更新。	電池電量至少需要60%，系統才能更新。
Battery level	Stav nabití baterie	Batteriniveau	Akkuladestand	Nivel de batería	Nivel de batería	Επίπεδο μπαταρίας	Niveau de la batterie	Livello batteria	Akkutöltöttség	Batterijniveau	Batterinivå	Poziom baterii	Nível da bateria	Nivel baterie	Akun varaustaso	Batterinivå	Pil düzeyi	Уровень заряда батареи	ระดับแบตเตอรี่	残量レベル	배터리 수준	电池电量	電池電量
Disconnected	Odpojeno	Afbrudt	Getrennt	Desconectado	Desconectado	Αποσυνδέθηκε	Déconnecté	Disconnessa	Leválasztva	Verbinding verbroken	Frakoblet	Odłączony	Desconectado	Deconectat	Yhteys katkaistu	Frånkopplad	Bağlantı kesildi	Отключено	ตัดการเชื่อมต่อแล้ว	切断	연결 해제	连线中断	連線中斷
remaining	zbývá	Resterende	verbleibend	restante	restante	απομένουν	restant	restante	maradt	resterend	gjenværende	pozostały	remanescente	rămas	jäljellä	återstår	kalan	осталось	คงเหลือ	残り	잔여	剩余	剩餘
Guest Login	Přihlášení hosta	Gæste-log ind	Anmeldung als Gast	Cuenta de invitado	Inicio de sesión de invitado	Είσοδος επισκέπτη	Connexion d\'invité	Accesso Guest	Vendég bejelentkezés	Inloggen als gast	Pålogging for gjest	Logowanie gościnne	Login de Convidado	Conectare oaspete	Vieraskirjautuminen	Gästinloggning	Misafir Oturumu	Вход по гостевой учетной записи	เข้าสู่ระบบในฐานะแขก	ゲストログイン	게스트 로그인	访客登入	訪客登入
The SSID name cannot be longer than 31 characters. The first and final characters must not be spaces.	Název SSID nesmí být delší než 31 znaků. Prvním ani posledním znakem nesmí být mezera.	SSID-navnet må ikke være længere end 31 tegn. Det første og sidste tegn må ikke være et mellemrum.	Der SSID-Name darf nicht länger als 31 Zeichen sein. Das erste und das letzte Zeichen dürfen kein Leerzeichen sein.	El nombre SSID no debe tener más de 31 caracteres. El primero y el último caracter no deben ser espacios.	El nombre SSID no debe superar los 31 caracteres de longitud. Los primeros y últimos caracteres no deben ser espacios.	Το όνομα SSID δεν μπορεί να υπερβαίνει τους 31 χαρακτήρες. Ο πρώτος και ο τελευταίος χαρακτήρας δεν πρέπει να είναι κενά.	Le nom SSID doit avoir moins de 31 caractères. Le premier et le dernier caractère ne peuvent pas être des espaces.	Il nome SSID deve essere inferiore a 31 caratteri. Il primo e l\'ultimo carattere non deve essere uno spazio.	Az SSID név legfeljebb 31 karakter hosszú lehet. Az első és az utolsó karakter nem lehet szóköz.	De SSID-naam mag niet langer zijn dan 31 karakters. De eerste en laatste karakters mogen geen spaties zijn.	SSID-navnet kan ikke ha mer enn 31 tegn. Det første og det siste tegnet kan ikke være mellomrom.	Nazwa SSID nie może być dłuższa niż 31 znaków. Pierwszy i ostatni znak nie może być spacją.	O nome do SSID não pode ter mais do que 31 caracteres. Os primeiros e últimos caracteres não devem ser espaços.	Parametrul SSID nu poate conţine mai mult de 31 de caractere. Nu puteţi folosi spaţii pentru primul şi ultimul caracter.	SSID-nimessä on oltava alle 31 merkkiä. Ensimmäinen ja viimeinen merkki ei voi olla välilyönti.	SSID-namnet kan inte vara längre än 31 tecken. Första och sista tecknet får inte vara blanksteg.	SSID adı 31 karakterden uzun olamaz. İlk ve son karakterler boşluk olmamalıdır.	Имя SSID не должно быть больше 31 символа. Первый и последний символы не должны быть пробелами.	ชื่อ SSID ไม่สามารถยาวกว่า 31 ตัวอักษร ตัวอักษรตัวแรกและตัวสุดท้ายต้องไม่เป็นช่องว่าง	SSID 名は 31 文字以下にする必要があります。 最初の文字と最後の文字をスペースにすることはできません。	SSID 이름은 31자보다 길어서는 안됩니다. 첫 번째 및 마지막 문자는 공백을 사용할 수 없습니다.	网络名称必须小于31个字符，且开头与结尾不能为空白字元。	網路名稱必須小於31 個字元，且開頭與結尾不能為空白字元。
The allowed characters are: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () and spaces.	Povolené znaky jsou tyto: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () a mezery.	De tilladte tegn er: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () og mellemrum.	Die zulässigen Zeichen sind: A – Z, a – z, 0 – 9, - _ () und Leerzeichen.	Los caracteres permitidos son: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () y espacios.	Los caracteres permitidos son: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () y los espacios.	Οι επιτρεπόμενοι χαρακτήρες είναι: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () και κενά.	Les caractères permis sont : A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () et espaces.	I caratteri consentiti sono: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () e gli spazi.	Megengedett karakterek: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () és szóköz.	De volgende karakters zijn toegestaan: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () en spaties.	Tillatte tegn er: A–Z, a–z, 0–9, - _ () og mellomrom.	Dopuszczalne znaki to: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () oraz spacje.	Os caracteres permitidos são: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () e espaços.	Caracterele permise sunt: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () şi spaţiile.	Sallitut merkit ovat: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () ja välilyönnit.	Tillåtna tecken är: A‒Z, a‒z, 0‒9, - _ () och blanksteg.	İzin verilen karakterler: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () ve boşluklar.	Допустимые символы: AZ, AZ, 0-9, - _ () и пробелы.	ตัวอักษรที่อนุญาตคือ: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () และเคาะวรรค	使用できる文字: A-Z、a-z、0-9、-、_、(、)、スペース	사용할 수 있는 문자: A-Z, a-z, 0-9, - _ () 및 공백.	允许的字符包括：A-Z、a-z、0-9、- _ () 、以及空白字元。	允許的字元包括：A-Z、a-z、0-9、- _ () 、以及空白字元。
The password cannot be longer than 31 characters.	Heslo nesmí být delšínež 31 znaků.	Adgangskoden må ikke være længere end 31 tegn.	Das Kennwortdarf nicht länger als 31 Zeichen sein.	La contraseña no debe tener más de 31 caracteres.	La contraseña no debe superar los 31 caracteres de longitud.	Ο κωδικός πρόσβασης δεν μπορεί να υπερβαίνει τους 31 χαρακτήρες.	Le motde passe ne doit pas avoir plus de 31 caractères !	La password deveessere inferiore a 31 caratteri.	A jelszó legfeljebb 31 karakter hosszúlehet	Het wachtwoord mag niet langer zijn dan 31 karakters.	Passordet kanikke ha mer enn 31 tegn.	Hasło nie może być dłuższe niż 31 znaków.	A senha não pode ter mais do que 31 caracteres.	Parola nu poate conţine maimult de 31 de caractere.	Salasanassa voi olla enintään 31 merkkiä.	Lösenordet kan inte vara längre än 31 tecken.  	Şifre 31 karakterden uzunolamaz.	Пароль не должен быть больше 31 символа.	รหัสผ่านไม่สามารถยาวกว่า31 ตัวอักษร	パスワードは 31 文字以下にする必要があります。	비밀번호는31자보다 길어서는 안됩니다.	密码必须小于31个字符。	密碼必須小於31個字元。
The first and final characters must not be spaces.	Prvním ani posledním znakem nesmí být mezera.	Det første og sidste tegn må ikke være etmellemrum.	Das erste und das letzte Zeichen dürfen kein Leerzeichen sein.	El primero y el último caracter no deben ser espacios.	Los primeros y últimoscaracteres no deben ser espacios.	Ο πρώτος και ο τελευταίος χαρακτήραςδεν πρέπει να είναι κενά.	Le premier et le dernier caractère ne peuventpas être des espaces.	Il primo e l'ultimo carattere non deve essere uno spazio.	Az első és az utolsó karakter nem lehet szóköz.	De eerste en laatste karakters mogen geen spaties zijn.	  Det første og det siste tegnet kanikke være mellomrom.	    Pierwszy i ostatni znak nie może być spacją.	Os primeiros e últimos caracteres não devem ser espaços.	Nu puteţi folosi spaţii pentru primul şi ultimul caracter.	Ensimmäinen ja viimeinen merkki ei voi olla välilyönti.	Första och sista tecknet får inte vara blanksteg.	İlk ve son karakterler boşluk olmamalıdır.	Первый ипоследний символы не должны быть пробелами.	ตัวอักษรตัวแรกและตัวสุดท้ายต้องไม่เป็นช่องว่าง	最初と最後の文字をスペースにすることはできません。	첫 번째 및 마지막문자는 공백을 사용할 수 없습니다.	开头与结尾不能为空白字元。	開頭與結尾不能為空白字元。
Sign Out	Odhlášení	Log ud	Abmelden	Cerrar sesión	Cerrar sesión	Έξοδος	Se déconnecter	Uscita	Kijelentkezés	Uitloggen	Logg av	Wyloguj się	Sair	Deconectare	Kirjaudu ulos	Logga ut	Oturumu Kapat	Отписаться	ลงชื่อออก	サインアウト	로그아웃	登出	登出
Sign In	Přihlášení	Log ind	Anmelden	Iniciar sesión	Iniciar sesión	Είσοδος	Se connecter	Iscriviti	Bejelentkezés	Aanmelden	Logg på	Zaloguj się	Inscrever	Conectare	Kirjaudu sisään	Logga in	Oturum Aç	Подписаться	ลงชื่อเข้าใช้	サインイン	로그인	登入	登入
Status	Stav	Status	Status	Estado	Estado	Κατάσταση	État	Stato	Állapot	Status	Status	Status	Status	Stare	Tila	Status	Durum	Состояние	สถานะ	状態	상태	状态	狀態
success	úspěch	Udført	erfolgreich	éxito	correcto	επιτυχία	succès	riuscito	sikeres	Succes	vellykket	powodzenie	sucesso	succes	onnistui	Lyckades	başarılı	выполнено	สำเร็จ	成功	성공	成功	成功
Failed	Nezdařilo se	Mislykket	Fehlgeschlagen	Con errores	Error	Απέτυχε	Échec	Operazione non riuscita	Sikertelen	Mislukt	Mislyktes	Błąd	Falhou	Eşuat	Epäonnistui	Misslyckades	Başarısız	Ошибка	ล้มเหลว	失敗	실패	失败	失敗
UPNP port	Port UPNP	UPNP-port	UPNP-Port	Puerto UPNP 	Puerto UPNP	Θύρα UPNP	Port UPnP	Porta UPNP	UPNP port	UPNP-poort	UPNP-port	Port UPNP	Porta UPnP	Port UPNP	UPNP-portti	UPNP-port	UPNP bağlantı noktası	Порт UPNP	พอร์ต UPNP	UPNP ポート	UPNP 포트	UPNP埠	UPNP埠
OK	OK	OK	OK	Aceptar	Aceptar	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	OK	Tamam	OK	ตกลง	OK	확인	确定	OK
Please enter your myQNAPcloud ID.	Zadejte prosím své ID myQNAPcloud.	Indtast din myQNAPcloud-id.	Bitte geben Sie Ihre myQNAPcloud-ID ein.	Introduzca su ID de myQNAPcloud.	Escriba la ID de myQNAPcloud.	Εισαγάγετε το myQNAPcloud ID.	Veuillez entrer votre ID myQNAPcloud.	Inserire l\'ID myQNAPcloud ID.	Kérjük, adja meg myQNAPcloud azonosítóját.	Voer uw myQNAPcloud-ID in.	Angi din myQNAPcloud ID.	Wprowadź identyfikator myQNAPcloud.	Insira seu ID myQNAPcloud.	Introduceţi ID-ul myQNAPcloud.	Syötä myQNAPcloud-tunnuksesi.	Ange ditt myQNAPcloud-ID.	Lütfen myQNAPcloud ID\'nizi girin.	Введите идентификатор myQNAPcloud.	โปรดใส่ myQNAPcloud ID ของคุณ	myQNAPcloud ID を入力してください。	myQNAPcloud ID를 입력하십시오.	请输入您的myQNAPcloud ID。	請輸入您的myQNAPcloud ID。
Please enter your myQNAPcloud password.	Zadejte prosím své heslo myQNAPcloud.	Indtast din myQNAPcloud-adgangskode.	Bitte geben Sie Ihr myQNAPcloud-Kennwort ein.	Introduzca su contraseña de myQNAPcloud.	Escriba la contraseña de myQNAPcloud.	Εισαγάγετε τον κωδικό πρόσβασης myQNAPcloud.	Veuillez entrer votre mot de passe myQNAPcloud.	Inserire la password myQNAPcloud.	Kérjük, adja meg myQNAPcloud jelszavát.	Voer uw myQNAPcloud-wachtwoord in.	Angi myQNAPcloud-passordet.	Wprowadź hasło myQNAPcloud.	Insira sua senha myQNAPcloud.	Introduceţi parola myQNAPcloud.	Anna myQNAPcloud-salasanasi.	Ange ditt myQNAPcloud-lösenord.	Lütfen myQNAPcloud şifrenizi girin.	Введите пароль myQNAPcloud.	โปรดป้อนรหัสผ่าน myQNAPcloud ของคุณ	myQNAPcloud パスワードを入力してください。	myQNAPcloud 비밀번호를 입력하십시오.	请输入您的myQNAPcloud 密码。	請輸入您的myQNAPcloud 密碼。
Please enter your myQNAPcloud Device Name.	Zadejte prosím svůj název zařízení myQNAPcloud.	Indtast din myQNAPcloud enhedsnavn.	Bitte geben Sie Ihren myQNAPcloud-Gerätenamen ein.	Introduzca el nombre de su dispositivo de myQNAPcloud.	Escriba el nombre del dispositivo de myQNAPcloud.	Εισαγάγετε το όνομα συσκευής myQNAPcloud.	Veuillez entrer votre nom d\'appareil myQNAPcloud.	Inserire il nome dispositivo myQNAPcloud.	Kérjük, adja meg a myQNAPcloud eszközének a nevét.	Voer de naam van uw myQNAPcloud-apparaat in.	Angi myQNAPcloud-enhetsnavnet.	Wprowadź nazwę urządzenia myQNAPcloud.	Insira seu Nome de Dispositivo myQNAPcloud.	Introduceţi numele dispozitivului myQNAPcloud.	Syötä myQNAPcloud-laitenimi.	Ange ditt myQNAPcloud-enhetsnamn.	Lütfen myQNAPcloud Aygıt Adınızı girin.	Введите имя устройства myQNAPcloud.	โปรดใส่ชื่ออุปกรณ์ myQNAPcloud ของคุณ	myQNAPcloud デバイス名を入力してください。	myQNAPcloud 장치 이름을 입력하십시오.	请输入您的myQNAPcloud 装置名称。	請輸入您的myQNAPcloud裝置名稱。
Do you want to sign out?	Chcete se odhlásit?	Er du sikker på, at du vil logge ud?	Möchten Sie sich abmelden?	¿Desea cerrar sesión?	¿Desea cerrar sesión?	Θέλετε να αποσυνδεθείτε;	Voulez-vous vous déconnecter ?	Uscire?	Biztosan kijelentkezik?	Wilt u zich afmelden?	Vil du logge av?	Czy chcesz się wylogować?	Deseja sair?	Doriţi să vă deconectaţi?	Haluatko kirjautua ulos?	Vill du logga ut?	Oturumu kapatmak mı istiyorsunuz?	Отписаться?	คุณต้องการลงชื่อออกหรือไม่?	サインアウトしますか？	로그아웃하시겠습니까?	您确定要登出吗？	您確定要登出嗎？
myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud
myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud-id	myQNAPcloud-ID	ID de myQNAPcloud	ID de myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud ID	ID myQNAPcloud	ID myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud-azonosító	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	ID myQNAPcloud	ID myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud-tunnus	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	Идентификатор myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID	myQNAPcloud ID
QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID	QID
myQNAPcloud Device Name	Název zařízení myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud enhedsnavn	myQNAPcloud-Gerätename	Nombre del dispositivo de myQNAPcloud	Nombre del dispositivo de myQNAPcloud 	Όνομα συσκευής myQNAPcloud	Nom d\'appareil myQNAPcloud	Nome dispositivo myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud eszköznév	myQNAPcloud-apparaatnaam	myQNAPcloud enhetsnavn	Nazwa urządzenia myQNAPcloud	Nome do Dispositivo myQNAPcloud	Nume dispozitiv myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud-laitenimi	myQNAPcloud-enhetsnamn	myQNAPcloud Aygıt Adı	Имя устройства myQNAPcloud	ชื่ออุปกรณ์ myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud デバイス名	myQNAPcloud 장치 이름	myQNAPcloud 装置名称	myQNAPcloud裝置名稱
UPNP Test	Test UPNP	UPNP-test	UPNP-Test	Probar UPNP	Prueba UPNP 	Δοκιμή UPNP	Test UPnP	Test UPNP	UPNP teszt	UPNP-test	UPNP-test	Test UPNP	Teste UPNP	Test UPNP	UPNP-testi	UPNP-test	UPNP Testi	Тест UPNP	ทดสอบ UPNP	UPNP テスト	UPNP 테스트	UPNP 测试	UPNP測試
or	nebo	eller	oder	o	 o 	ή	ou	o	vagy	of	eller	lub	ou	sau	tai	eller	ya da	или	หรือ	または	또는	或	或
sign up now!	se zaregistrujte teď!	log ind nu!	Jetzt anmelden!	¡Iniciar sesión ahora!	iniciar sesión ahora	εγγραφή τώρα!	enregistrez-vous maintenant !	iscriviti subito	regisztráljon most!	meld u nu aan!	registrer deg nå!	Zarejestruj się teraz!	registrar agora!	conectaţi-vă acum!	kirjaudu sisään nyt!	registrera dig nu!	şimdi kaydolun!	подпишитесь сейчас!	ลงทะเบียนเดี๋ยวนี้!	今すぐサインアップしてください！	지금 가입하십시오!	立即注册！	立即註冊！
Manage myQNAPcloud Account	Správa mého účtu myQNAPcloud	Administrere myQNAPcloud-konto	myQNAPcloud-Konto verwalten	Administrar la cuenta de myQNAPcloud 	Administrar la cuenta myQNAPcloud 	Διαχείριση λογαριασμού myQNAPcloud	Gérer le compte myQNAPcloud	Gestione account myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud-fiók kezelése	myQNAPcloud-account beheren	Behandle myQNAPcloud-konto	Zarządzaj kontem myQNAPcloud	Gerenciar a Conta myQNAPcloud	Gestionare cont myQNAPcloud	Hallitse myQNAPcloud-tiliä	Hantera myQNAPcloud-konto	myQNAPcloud Hesabını yönet	Управление учетной записью myQNAPcloud	จัดการบัญชี myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud アカウントを管理する	myQNAPcloud 계정 관리	管理myQNAPcloud账号	管理myQNAPcloud帳號
Signed In	Přihlášen	Logget ind	Angemeldet	Inició sesión	Se inició sesión	Έγινε είσοδος	Connecté	Iscriviti	Bejelentkezett	Aangemeld	Pålogget	Zalogowany	Inscrito	Conectat	Kirjautunut sisään	Inloggad	Oturum Açıldı	Подписано	ลงชื่อเข้าใช้	サインインしました	로그인됨	已登入	已登入
Signed Out	Odhlášen	Logget ud	Abgemeldet	Cerró sesión	Se cerró la sesión	Έγινε έξοδος	Déconnecté	Uscita	Kijelentkezett	Afgemeld	Logget av	Wylogowany	Saído	Deconectat	Kirjautunut ulos	Utloggad	Oturumu Kapatıldı	Отписано	ลงชื่อออก	サインアウトしました	로그아웃됨	已登出	已登出
Cannot access myQNAPcloud.	Nelze získat přístup k myQNAPcloud.	Kan ikke få adgang til myQNAPcloud.	Zugriff auf myQNAPcloud nicht möglich.	No se puede tener acceso a myQNAPcloud.	No se puede acceder a myQNAPcloud.	Δεν είναι δυνατή η πρόσβαση στο myQNAPcloud.	Impossible d’accéder à myQNAPcloud.	Impossibile accedere a myQNAPcloud.	A myQNAPcloud eszközhöz nem lehet hozzáférni.	Geen toegang tot myQNAPcloud.	Ikke tilgang til myQNAPcloud.	Nie można uzyskać dostępu do myQNAPcloud.	Não é possível acessar myQNAPcloud.	Nu se poate accesa serviciul myQNAPcloud.	Ei voi käyttää myQNAPcloud-palvelua.	Det går inte att få åtkomst till myQNAPcloud.	myQNAPcloud\'a erişilemiyor.	Нет доступа к myQNAPcloud.	ไม่สามารถเข้าถึง myQNAPcloud ได้	myQNAPcloud にアクセスできません。	myQNAPcloud에 액세스할 수 없습니다.	无法存取myQNAPcloud服务。	無法存取myQNAPcloud服務。
Please check your Internet Connection.	Zkontrolujte prosím své připojení k Internetu.	Kontroller din internetforbindelse.	Bitte überprüfen Sie Ihre Internetverbindung.	Compruebe la conexión a Internet.	Compruebe la conexión a Internet.	Ελέγξτε τη σύνδεσή σας στο Internet.	Veuillez vérifier votre connexion Internet.	Controllare la connessione Internet.	Kérjük, ellenőrizze internetkapcsolatát.	Controleer uw Internetverbinding.	Kontroller internettforbindelsen.	Sprawdź połączenie z Internetem.	verifique suas configurações de Conexão de Internet.	Verificaţi conexiunea la internet.	Tarkista Internet-yhteys.	Kontrollera din internetanslutning.	Lütfen Internet bağlantınızı kontrol edin.	Проверьте подключение к Интернету.	โปรดตรวจสอบการเชื่อมต่ออินเตอร์เน็ตของคุณ	インターネット接続をご確認ください。	인터넷 연결을 확인하십시오.	请确认您的网际网络连线。	請確認您的網際網路連線。
Incorrect user name or password.	Nesprávné uživatelské jméno nebo heslo.	Forkert brugernavn eller adgangskode.	Benutzername oder Kennwort ungültig.	El nombre del usuario o la contraseña no es válido.	Nombre de usuario o contraseña incorrecto.	Εσφαλμένο όνομα χρήστη ή κωδικός πρόσβασης.	Nom d\'utilisateur ou mot de passe incorrect.	Nome utente o password non corretti.	Hibás felhasználónév vagy jelszó.	Verkeerde gebruikersnaam of wachtwoord.	Feil brukernavn eller passord.	Nieprawidłowa nazwa użytkownika lub hasło.	Nome de usuário ou senha incorretos.	Numele de utilizator este incorect sau parola este incorectă	Virheellinen käyttäjänimi tai salasana.	Fel användarnamn eller lösenord.	Hatalı kullanıcı adı ya da şifre.	Неправильное имя пользователя или пароль.	ชื่อผู้ใช้หรือรหัสผ่านไม่ถูกต้อง	ユーザー名またはパスワードが違います。	사용자 이름 또는 비밀번호가 틀립니다	使用者名称或密码不正确。	使用者名稱或密碼不正確。
Error code	Chybový kód	Fejlkode	Fehlercode	Código de error	Código del error	Κωδικός σφάλματος	Code d\'erreur	Codice errore	Hibakód	Foutcode	Feilkode	Kod błędu	Código de erro	Cod eroare	Virhekoodi	Felkod	Hata kodu	Код ошибки	รหัสข้อผิดพลาด	エラーコード	오류 코드	错误码	錯誤碼
The device name has been registered.	Tento název zařízení byl zaregistrován.	Enhedsnavnet er registreret.	Der Gerätename wurde registriert.	El nombre del dispositivo se ha registrado.	El nombre del dispositivo ya se ha registrado.	Το όνομα συσκευής έχει δηλωθεί.	Le nom d’appareil a été enregistré	Il nome del dispositivo è stato registrato.	Az eszköznevet regisztrálták.	De naam van het apparaat is niet geregistreerd.	Enhetsnavnet er blitt registrert.	Nazwa urządzenia została zarejestrowana.	O nome do dispositivo foi registrado.	Numele dispozitivului a fost înregistrat.	Laitteen nimi on rekisteröity.	Enhetsnamnet har registrerats.	Bu aygıt adı kayıtlı.	Имя устройства было зарегистрировано.	ชื่ออุปกรณ์นี้ถูกลงทะเบียนแล้ว	このデバイス名は登録されています。	등록된 장치 이름입니다.	此名称已被其他装置注册。	此名稱已被其他裝置註冊
Loading data, please wait...	Načítám data. Čekejte, prosím...	Indlæser data. Vent venligst...	Daten werden geladen, bitte warten ...	Cargando datos. Espere un momento...	Cargando datos, por favor, espere…	Φόρτωση δεδομένων, περιμένετε...	Chargement des données, veuillez patienter...	Caricamento dati in corso, attendere...	Adatok betöltése, kis türelmet...	Bezig met het laden van data, een ogenblik geduld...	Laster data, vent litt …	Ładowanie danych, proszę czekać...	Carregando agora, aguarde...	Se încarcă datele, aşteptaţi...	Ladataan tietoja. Odota...	Läser in data, vänta ...	Veriler yükleniyor, lütfen bekleyin...	Загрузка данных, подождите...	กำลังโหลดข้อมูล โปรดรอสักครู่...	データを読み込んでいます。お待ちください...	데이터를 로드하는 중입니다. 기다려 주십시오…	载入中，请稍候 ...	載入中，請稍候…
Last Update Status	Stav poslední aktualizace	Sidste opdateringsstatus	Letzter Aktualisierungsstatus	Estado de la última actualización	Estado de la última actualización	Κατάσταση τελευταίας ενημέρωσης	État de dernière mise à jour	Stato ultimo aggiornamento	Utolsó állapotfrissítés	Laatste updatestatus	Siste oppdateringsstatus	Status ostatniej aktualizacji	Status da Última Atualização	Starea ultimei actualizări	Viimeinen päivitys -tila	Senaste uppdateringsstatus	Son Güncelleme Durumu	Состояние последнего обновления	สถานะการอัพเดตล่าสุด	前回更新状態	마지막 업데이트 상태	最近更新状况	最近更新狀況
The USB storage is currently in use. Please wait for a moment and try again.	Úložiště USB je právě používáno. Chvíli prosím počkejte a zkuste to znovu.	USB-hukommelsen er i brug i øjeblikket. Vent et øjeblik og prøv igen.	Der USB-Speicher wird gerade verwendet. Bitte warten Sie einen Augenblick und versuchen Sie es dann erneut.	El almacenamiento USB está en uso actualmente. Espere un momento y vuelva a intentarlo.	El almacenamiento USB está siendo utilizado. Espere unos instantes e inténtelo otra vez.	Η συσκευή αποθήκευσης USB χρησιμοποιείται αυτή τη στιγμή. Περιμένετε λίγο και προσπαθήστε ξανά.	Le stockage USB est en train d\'être utilisé. Veuillez patienter et réessayer plus tard.	la chiavetta USB è attualmente in uso. Attendere un momento e riprovare.	Az USB-tárhelyet jelenleg másik alkalmazás használja. Kérjük, várjon egy kicsit, majd próbálkozzon újra.	De USB-opslag is op dit moment in gebruik. Wacht een ogenblik en probeer het nog een keer.	USB-lageret er for tiden i bruk. Vent et øyeblikk og prøv igjen.	Pamięć USB jest teraz używana. Zaczekaj chwilę i spróbuj ponownie.	O armazenamento USB está sendo usado atualmente. Aguarde um momento e tente novamente.	Momentan, unitatea de stocare USB este în curs de utilizare. Aşteptaţi câteva momente şi încercaţi din nou.	USB-tallennustila on käytössä. Odota hetki ja yritä uudelleen.	USB-lagringsenheten används för närvarande. Vänta ett tag och försök igen.	USB depolama şu anda kullanımda. Lütfen biraz bekleyip yeniden deneyin.	USB-накопитель в настоящее время используется. Немного подождите и повторите попытку.	อุปกรณ์จัดเก็บข้อมูล USB ใช้งานอยู่ โปรดรอสักครู่แล้วลองอีกครั้ง	現在、USB ストレージが使用されています。 少しの間お待ちになり、その後、再試行してください。	USB 저장 장치가 현재 사용 중입니다. 잠시 기다렸다가 다시 시도하십시오.	USB储存装置忙碌中。请稍候再试。	USB儲存裝置忙碌中。請稍候再試。
The USB storage can now be safely removed from QGenie.	Nyní lze úložiště USB bezpečně odpojit od QGenie.	USB-hukommelsen kan nu fjernes sikkert fra QGenie.	Der USB-Speicher kann nun sicher von QGenie entfernt werden.	El almacenamiento USB ahora se puede quitar con seguridad de QGenie.	Ahora puede retirar el almacenamiento USB de forma segura de QGenie.	Η συσκευή αποθήκευσης USB μπορεί τώρα να αφαιρεθεί από το QGenie με ασφάλεια.	Le stockage USB peut maintenant être débranché de QGenie.	La chiavetta USB può essere rimossa da QGenie.	Az USB-tárhely most már biztonságosan eltávolítható a QGenie-ből.	De USB-opslag kan nu veilig worden verwijderd van QGenie.	USB-lageret kan nå trygt fjernes fra QGenie.	Pamięć USB może być teraz bezpiecznie odłączona od QGenie.	O armazenamento USB agora pode ser removido com segurança do QGenie.	Unitatea de stocare USB poate fi eliminată în siguranţă de la QGenie.	USB-tallennusvälineen voi nyt irrottaa turvallisesti QGeniestä.	Det är nu säkert att ta bort USB-lagringsenheten från QGenie.	USB depolama şimdi QGenie\'den güvenle çıkarılabilir.	USB-накопитель можно безопасно извлечь из QGenie.	ในตอนนี้ คุณสามารถถอดอุปกรณ์จัดเก็บข้อมูล USB ออกจาก QGenie ได้อย่างปลอดภัย	USB ストレージを QGenie から安全に取り外すことができます。	USB 저장 장치가 현재 QGenie에서 안전하게 제거되었습니다.	USB储存装置卸除成功。现在可以移除此装置。	USB儲存裝置卸除成功。現在可以移除此裝置。
The SD card is currently in use. Please wait for a moment and try again.	Karta SD je právě používána. Chvíli prosím počkejte a zkuste to znovu.	SD-kortet er i brug i øjeblikket. Vent et øjeblik og prøv igen.	Die SD-Karte wird gerade verwendet. Bitte warten Sie einen Augenblick und versuchen Sie es dann erneut.	La tarjeta SD está en uso. Espere un momento y vuelva a intentarlo.	La tarjeta SD está siendo utilizada. Espere unos instantes e inténtelo otra vez.	Η κάρτα SD χρησιμοποιείται αυτή τη στιγμή. Περιμένετε λίγο και προσπαθήστε ξανά.	La carte SD est en train d\'être utilisée. Veuillez patienter et réessayer plus tard.	La scheda SD è in uso. Attendere un momento e riprovare.	Az SD-kártyát jelenleg másik alkalmazás használja. Kérjük, várjon egy kicsit, majd próbálkozzon újra.	De SD-kaart is op dit moment in gebruik. Wacht een ogenblik en probeer het nog een keer.	SD-kortet er for tiden i bruk. Vent et øyeblikk og prøv igjen.	Karta SD jest teraz używana. Zaczekaj chwilę i spróbuj ponownie.	O cartão SD está sendo usado atualmente. Aguarde um momento e tente novamente.	Momentan, cadrul SD este în curs de utilizare. Aşteptaţi câteva momente şi încercaţi din nou.	SD-kortti on tällä hetkellä käytössä. Odota hetki ja yritä uudelleen.	SD-kortet används för närvarande. Vänta ett tag och försök igen.	SD kart şu anda kullanımda. Lütfen biraz bekleyip yeniden deneyin.	SD-карта в настоящее время используется. Немного подождите и повторите попытку.	SD การ์ดใช้งานอยู่ โปรดรอสักครู่แล้วลองอีกครั้ง	現在、SD カードが使用されています。 少しの間お待ちになり、その後、再試行してください。	SD 저장 장치가 현재 사용 중입니다. 잠시 기다렸다가 다시 시도하십시오.	SD卡忙碌中。请稍候再试。	SD卡忙碌中。請稍候再試。
The SD card can now be safely removed from QGenie.	Nyní lze kartu SD bezpečně odpojit od QGenie.	SD-kortet kan nu fjernes sikkert fra QGenie.	Die SD-Karte kann nun sicher von QGenie entfernt werden.	La tarjeta SD ahora se puede quitar con seguridad de QGenie.	Ahora puede retirar la tarjeta SD de forma segura de QGenie.	Η κάρτα SD μπορεί τώρα να αφαιρεθεί από το QGenie με ασφάλεια.	La carte SD peut maintenant être retirée de QGenie.	La scheda SD può essere rimossa da QGenie.	Az SD-kártya most már biztonságosan eltávolítható a QGenie-ből.	De SD-kaart kan nu veilig worden verwijderd van QGenie.	SD-kortet kan nå trygt fjernes fra QGenie.	Karta SD może być teraz bezpiecznie odłączona od QGenie.	O cartão SD agora pode ser removido com segurança do QGenie.	Cardul SD poate fi eliminată în siguranţă de la QGenie.	SD-kortin voi nyt irrottaa turvallisesti QGeniestä.	Det är nu säkert att ta bort SD-kortet från QGenie.	SD kart şimdi QGenie\'den güvenle çıkarılabilir.	SD-карту можно безопасно извлечь из QGenie.	ในตอนนี้ คุณสามารถถอด SD การ์ดออกจาก QGenie ได้อย่างปลอดภัย	SD カードを QGenie から安全に取り外すことができます。	SD 저장 장치가 현재 QGenie에서 안전하게 제거되었습니다.	SD卡卸除成功。现在可以移除此装置。	SD卡卸除成功。現在可以移除此裝置。
Remove	Odstranit	Fjern	Entfernen	Eliminar	Retirar	Αφαίρεση	Supprimer	Rimuovi	Eltávolítás	Verwijderen	Fjern	Usuń	Remover	Eliminare	Irrota	Ta bort	Kaldır	Извлечь	ลบ	取り外す	제거	移除	移除
Guest Access	Přístup anonymního uživatele	Gæsteadgang	Gast-Zugang	Acceso de invitado	Acceso para invitados	Πρόσβαση επισκέπτη	Accès d\'invité	Accesso guest	Vendég hozzáférés	Toegang voor gasten	Tilgang for gjest	Dostęp gościnny	Acesso de Convidado	Acces oaspeţi	Vieraskäyttö	Gäståtkomst	Misafir Erişimi	Гостевой доступ	การเข้าถึงของแขก	ゲストアクセス	게스트 액세스	访客存取	訪客存取
Allow guests to login and access files on QGenie.	Povolit anonymním uživatelům přihlašování a přístup k souborům na QGenie.	Tillad gæster at logge ind og få adgang til filer på QGenie.	Ermöglichen Sie Gästen das Anmelden und den Zugriff auf Dateien unter QGenie.	Permitir a los invitados iniciar sesión y tener acceso a los archivos de QGenie.	Permitir a los invitados iniciar sesión y acceder a los archivos en QGenie.	Να επιτρέπεται σε επισκέπτες η σύνδεση και πρόσβαση σε αρχεία στο QGenie.	Permettre aux invités de se connecter et d\'accéder aux fichiers sur le QGenie.	Consenti ai guest di eseguire il login e accedere ai file su QGenie.	A vendégek bejelentkezhetnek és hozzáférhetnek a QGenie-n tárolt fájlokhoz.	Laat gasten inloggen en de bestanden gebruiken op QGenie.	Tillat gjester pålogging og filtilgang på QGenie.	Pozwól gościom do logowania się i uzyskiwania dostępu do plików na QGenie.	Permitir que os convidados façam login e acessem arquivos em QGenie.	Permiteţi oaspeţilor să se conecteze şi să acceseze fişierele din QGenie.	Antaa käyttäjän kirjautua sisään QGenieen ja käyttää tiedostoja.	Tillåt gäster att logga in och få åtkomst till filer på QGenie.	Misafirlerin oturum açmasına ve QGenie üzerindeki dosyalara erişmesine izin verir.	Разрешить гостям вход и доступ к файлам на QGenie.	ช่วยให้แขกสามารถเข้าสู่ระบบและเข้าถึงไฟล์ใน QGenie ได้	QGenie にログインし、ファイルにアクセスすることをゲストに許可します	게스트가 로그인하여 QGenie 상의 파일에 액세스할 수 있습니다.	允许访客登入并存取此QGenie上的档案。	允許訪客登入並存取此QGenie上的檔案。
Allow	Povolit	Tillad	Zulassen	Permitir	Permitir	Αποδοχή	Permettre	Consenti	Engedélyezés	Toestaan	Tillat	Pozwól	Permitir	Permitere	Salli	Tillåt  	İzin Ver	Разрешить	อนุญาต	許可	허용	允许	允許
Deny	Odepřít	Afvis	Ablehnen	Denegar	Denegar	Απόρριψη	Refuser	Nega	Elutasítás	Weigeren	Avslå	Odrzuć	Negar	Respingere	Kiellä	Neka	Reddet	Отклонить	ปฏิเสธ	拒否	거부	拒绝	拒絕
Qsync Disk	Disk Qsync	Qsync-disk	Qsync-Datenträger	Disco de Qsync	Disco Qsync 	Δίσκος Qsync	Disque Qsync	Disco Qsync	Qsync lemezterület	Qsync-schijf	Qsync-disk	Dysk Qsync	Disco Qsync	Disc Qsync	Qsync-levy	Qsync-disk	Qsync Disk	Диск Qsync	ดิสก์ Qsync	Qsync ディスク	Qsync 디스크	Qsync 储存空间	Qsync儲存空間
Qsync Used	Qsync využit	Qsync brugt	Qsync verwendet	Qsync usado	Se utilizó Qsync 	Το Qsync χρησιμοποιείται	Qsync utilisé	Qsync utilizzato	Qsync felhasznált	Qsync gebruikt	Qsync brukt	Qsync używany	Qsync Usado	Spaţiu Qsync utilizat	Käytetty Qsync	Qsync som används	Qsync Kullanılan	Используемый Qsync	ใช Qsync	Qsync が使用されています	사용된 Qsync	已使用Qsync	已使用Qsync
The router does not support UPnP protocol or you have not enabled the UPnP function on the router.	Router buďto nepodporuje protokol UPnP, nebo jste na něm nepovolili funkci UPnP.	Routeren understøtter ikke UPnP-protokollen, eller du har ikke aktiveret UPnP-funktionen på routeren.	Der Router unterstützt das UPnP-Protokoll nicht oder Sie haben die UPnP-Funktion am Router nicht aktiviert.	El enrutador no admite el protocolo UPnP o usted no ha habilitado la función UPnP en el enrutador.	El enrutador no admite el protocolo UPnP o usted no ha habilitado la función UPnP en el enrutador.	Ο δρομολογητής δεν υποστηρίζει το πρωτόκολλο UPnP ή δεν έχετε ενεργοποιήσει τη λειτουργία UPnP στο δρομολογητή.	Le routeur ne prend pas en charge le protocole UPnP ou vous n\'avez pas activé la fonction UPnP sur le routeur.	Il router non supporta il protocollo UPnP oppure la funzione UPnP non è stata attivata sul router.	A router nem támogatja az UPnP-protokollt, vagy az UPnP-funkciót nem engedélyezte a routeren.	De router ondersteunt het UPnP-protocol niet, of u hebt de UPnP-functie op de router niet ingeschakeld.	Ruteren støtter ikke UPnP-protokollen eller du har ikke aktivert UPnP-funksjonen på ruteren.	Router nie obsługuje protokołu UPnP lub nie włączyłeś funkcji UPnP w routerze.	O roteador não suporta protocolo UPnP ou você não habilitou a função UPnP no roteador.	Ruterul nu acceptă protocolul UPnP sau nu aţi activat funcţia UPnP a ruterului.	Reititin ei tue UPnP -protokollaa tai olet ottanut reitittimen UPnP-toiminnon pois päältä.	Routern stödjer inte UPnP-protokollet, eller så har du inte aktiverat UPnP-funktionen på routern.	Yönlendirici UPnP iletişim kuralını desteklemiyor ya da yönlendirici üzerinde UPnP işlevini etkinleştirmemişsiniz.	Ваш роутер не поддерживает UPnP-протокол, либо функция UPnP не включена на роутере.	เราเตอร์ไม่สนับสนุนโปรโตคอล UPnP หรือคุณไม่ได้เปิดทำงานฟังก์ชั่น UPnP บนเราเตอร์ 	ルータがUPnPプロトコルをサポートしていないか、ルータでUPnP機能を有効にしていません。	라우터가 UPnP 프로토콜을 지원하지 않거나 라우터에서 UPnP 기능을 사용하도록 설정하지 않았습니다.	路由器不支持UPnP 端口转址功能或者您尚未启用该功能，受限于此网络环境无法完成设定。	路由器不支援UPnP 連接埠轉址功能或者您尚未啟用該功能，受限於此網路環境無法完成設定。 
You may connect to your QGenie from anywhere over the network by myQNAPcloud services.	Ke svému QNAP NAS se můžete připojit po síti odkudkoli přes myQNAPcloud.	Du kan oprette forbindelse til din QNAP NAS hvor som helst fra over netværket via myQNAPcloud-tjenester.	Sie können sich mithilfe der myQNAPcloud-Dienste von einem beliebigen Standort aus mit Ihrem QNAP NAS über das Netzwerk verbinden.	Usted se puede conectarse a su QGenie desde cualquier parte a través de la red usando los servicios de myQNAPcloud.	Usted se puede conectarse a su QGenie desde cualquier parte a través de la red usando los servicios de myQNAPcloud.	Μπορείτε να συνδεθείτε στο QGenie σας από οποιοδήποτε σημείο στο δίκτυο με τις υπηρεσίες myQNAPcloud .	Vous pouvez vous connecter à votre QGenie à partir de n\'importe où sur le réseau avec les services myQNAPcloud.	È possibile eseguire la connessione al QGenie da ovunque sulla rete usando i servizi myQNAPcloud .	A hálózaton keresztül bárhonnan csatlakozhat QGenie eszközéhez a myQNAPcloud szolgáltatások segítségével.	U kunt van elk punt in het netwerk verbinding maken met uw QGenie via de services van myQNAPcloud.	Du kan koble til QGenie-enheten fra hvor som helst over nettverket ved hjelp av myQNAPcloud-tjenester.	Możesz się połączyć ze swoim QGenie z każdego miejsca poprzez sieć dzięki usługom myQNAPcloud.	Você pode conectar ao seu QGenie de qualquer lugar na rede pelos serviços myQNAPcloud.	Vă puteţi conecta la dispozitivul QGenie de oriunde, prin reţea, folosind serviciile myQNAPcloud.	 Voit muodostaa yhteyden QGenie-palvelimeen missä tahansa verkossa myQNAPcloud-palveluilla.	Du kan ansluta till ditt QGenie från var som helst i nätverket med myQNAPcloud-tjänster.	myQNAPcloud hizmetleriyle ağ üzerinden herhangi bir yerden QGenie\'ınıza bağlanabilirsiniz.	Вы сможете подключаться к своему QGenie из любой точки мира при помощи myQNAPcloud.	คุณสามารถเชื่อมต่อไปยัง QGenie ของคุณจากที่ใดก็ได้บนเครือข่ายด้วยบริการ myQNAPcloud 	myQNAPcloud サービスによりネットワーク経由でどこからでも QGenie に接続できます。	네트워크에 연결된 경우 어디에서든 myQNAPcloud  서비스에 의해 QGenie 에 연결할 수 있습니다.	您可使用myQNAPcloud服务在任何地方以互联网远程联机至您的QQGenie	您可使用myQNAPcloud服務在任何地方以網際網路遠端連線至您的QGenie。
The device name must be 3-30 characters long and can only contain letters (a-z or A-Z) or numbers (0-9).	Název zařízení musí mít délku 3-30 znaků a smí obsahovat pouze písmena (a-z nebo A-Z) nebo číslice (0-9).	Enhedsnavnet skal være 3-30 tegn langt og må kun indeholde bogstaver (a-z eller A-Z) eller cifre (0-9).	Der Gerätename muss aus 3-30 Zeichen bestehen und darf nur Buchstaben (a-z oder A-Z) oder Ziffern (0-9) enthalten.	El nombre del dispositivo debe tener entre 3-30 caracteres de longitud y solamente puede contener letras (a-z o A-Z) o números (0-9).	El nombre del dispositivo debe tener entre 3-30 caracteres de longitud y solamente puede contener letras (a-z o A-Z) o números (0-9).	Το όνομα τη συσκευής πρέπει να έχει μήκος 3-30 χαρακτήρων και μπορεί να περιέχει μόνον γράμματα (a-z ή A-Z) ή αριθμούς (0-9).	Le nom de l\'appareil doit avoir 3-30 caractères et ne peut contenir que des lettres (az ou AZ) ou des nombres (0-9).	Il nome dispositivo deve essere di 3-30 caratteri e può solo contenere lettere (a-z o A-Z) o numeri (0-9).	Az eszköz neve 3-30 karakter hosszúságú lehet, és kizárólag betűket (a-z vagy A-Z) vagy számokat (0-9) tartalmazhat.	De naam van het apparaat moet 3 - 30 karakters langs zijn, en mag alleen letters (a - z of A - Z) en cijfers (0 - 9) bevatten.	Enhetsnavnet må bestå av 3-30 tegn og kan bare inneholde bokstaver (a-z eller A-Z) eller tall (0-9).	Nazwa urządzenia musi mieć 3-30 znaków długości i może zawierać tylko litery (a-z lub A-Z) oraz cyfry (0-9).	O nome do dispositivo deve ter entre 3 e 30 caracteres e pode ter apenas letras (a-z ou A-Z) ou números (0-9).	Numele dispozitivului trebuie să aibă între 3 şi 30 de caractere şi poate conţine numai litere (a-z sau A-Z) şi cifre (0-9).	Laitteen nimen on oltava 3 - 30 merkkiä pitkä ja se saa sisältää vain kirjaimia (a-z tai A-Z) tai numeroita (0 - 9).	Enhetsnamnet måste vara 3-30 tecken långt och kan enbart bestå av bokstäver (a-z eller A-Z) eller siffror (0-9).	Aygıt adı 3-30 karakter uzunluğunda olabilir ve yalnızca harfleri (a-z ya da A-Z) veya rakamları (0-9) içerebilir.	Имя устройства должно быть в длину 3 - 30 знаков и может содержать только буквы (a-z или A-Z) или цифры (0-9).	ชื่ออุปกรณ์ต้องมีความยาว 3-30 ตัวอักษร และสามารถประกอบด้วยตัวอักษร (a-z หรือ A-Z) หรือตัวเลข (0-9) เท่านั้น	デバイス名は3～30文字の範囲で入力し、文字(a-zまたはA-Z)または数字(0-9)を含める必要があります。	장치 이름은 길이가 3-30개의 문자여야 하고 영문자(a-z 또는 A-Z) 또는 숫자(0-9)만 사용할 수 있습니다.	装置名称长度至少要为3个字符且不得超过个30字符；输入的字员必须为A~Z， a~z ，0~9。	裝置名稱長度至少要為3個字元且不得超過個30字元，輸入的字元必須為A-Z、a-z、0-9。
day	den	dag	Tag	día	día	ημέρα	jour	giorno	nap	dag	dag	dzień	dia	zi	päivä	dag	 gün	день	วัน	日	일	日 	日
days	dnů	dage	Tage	días	días	ημέρες	jours	giorni	nap	dagen	dager	dni	dias	zile	päivää	dagar	gün	дни	วัน	日	일	日	日
hours	hod	timer	Stunden	horas	horas	ώρες	heures	ore	óra	uren	timer	godziny	horas	ore	tuntia	timmar	saat	 часы   	  ชั่วโมง	   時間	    시	      時	      時	 
min	min	min	Minute(n)	min	min.	λεπ.	min	min	perc	min	min.	min	min.	min	min	min	  dk.	минуты 	นาที 	分	분	分	分	
After signing out the myQNAPcloud account, you will not be able to keep this device name anymore and the following link will become invalid:	Po odhlášení od účtu myQNAPcloud nebudete mít možnost nadále udržet název tohoto zařízení, a následující odkaz bude neplatný:	Når du har logget af myQNAPcloud-kontoen, kan du ikke længere beholde enhedsnavnet, og det følgende link vil være ugyldigt:	Nach Abmeldung vom myQNAPcloud-Konto ist dieser Gerätename nicht mehr verfügbar und der folgende Link wird ungültig:	Después de cancelar el registro de la cuenta de myQNAPcloud, usted no podrá mantener más el nombre de este dispositivo y el siguiente enlace no será válido:	Después de cancelar el registro de la cuenta de myQNAPcloud, usted no podrá mantener más el nombre de este dispositivo y el siguiente enlace no será válido:	Μετά από την έξοδο από το λογαριασμό myQNAPcloud , δεν θα είστε σε θέση να διατηρείτε το όνομα αυτής της συσκευής πλέον και ο εξής σύνδεσμος θα πάψει να είναι έγκυρος:	Après la déconnexion du compte myQNAPcloud, vous ne pourrez plus utiliser ce nom de périphérique et le lien suivant ne sera plus valable :	Dopo avere eseguito l’uscita dall’account myQNAPcloud , non sarà più possibile mantenere il nome del dispositivo ed il seguente link non sarà più valido:	A myQNAPcloud fiókból történő kijelentkezést követően a jelenlegi eszköznevet nem tarthatja meg, valamint az alábbi hivatkozás érvénytelenné válik:	Na het uitloggen uit de myQNAPcloud-account, kunt u deze naam niet meer behouden en wordt de volgende link ongeldig:	Etter at du har logget ut av myQNAPcloud-kontoen, kan du ikke beholde dette enhetsnavnet lengre og følgende kobling vil bli ugyldig:	Po wylogowaniu się z konta myQNAPcloud , nie będziesz mógł zachować więcej tej nazwy urządzenia, a poniższy link stanie się nieprawidłowy:	Depois de sair da conta myQNAPcloud, você não poderá mais manter este nome de dispositivo e o seguinte link ficará inválido:	După deconectarea de la contul myQNAPcloud  nu veţi mai putea păstra acest nume de dispozitiv, iar următoare legătură va deveni nevalidă:	Kun olet kirjautunut ulos myQNAPcloud-tililtä, et voi enää pitää tätä laitenimeä ja seuraavasta linkistä tulee kelpaamaton:	När du har loggat ut från myQNAPcloud-kontot kommer du inte att kunna behålla det här enhetsnamnet längre, och följande länk blir ogiltig:	myQNAPcloud hesabı oturumunu kapattıktan sonra bu aygıt adını daha fazla koruyamayacaksınız ve şu bağlantı geçersiz olacak:	После выхода из учетной записи myQNAPcloud, вы не сможете больше сохранить имя устройства, и следующая ссылка станет недействительной:	หลังจากที่ลงชื่อออกจากบัญชี myQNAPcloud  คุณจะไม่สามารถเก็บชื่ออุปกรณ์นี้ไว้ได้อีกต่อไป และลิงค์ต่อไปนี้จะใช้งานไม่ได้:	myQNAPcloud アカウントからサインアウトした後はこのデバイス名を維持することはできず、次のリンクは無効になります。	myQNAPcloud 계정을 로그아웃하면 이 장치 이름을 더 이상 유지할 수 없고 다음 링크가 무효화됩니다.	退出myQNAPcloud账号，您将不再拥有此装置名称，下列链接也将失效：	登出myQNAPcloud帳號，您將不再擁有此裝置名稱，下列連結也將失效：
Are you sure you want to sign out the myQNAPcloud account?	Jste si jisti, že si přejete odhlásit se od účtu myQNAPcloud?	Er du sikker på, at du vil logge af myQNAPcloud-kontoen?	Möchten Sie sich wirklich vom myQNAPcloud-Konto abmelden?	¿Está seguro de que desea cancelar el registro de la cuenta de myQNAPcloud?	¿Está seguro de que desea cancelar el registro de la cuenta de myQNAPcloud?	Είστε βέβαιοι ότι θέλετε να αποσυνδεθείτε από το λογαριασμό myQNAPcloud;	Êtes-vous sûr de vouloir vous déconnecter du compte myQNAPcloud ?	Si è certi di volere eseguire l’uscita dall’account myQNAPcloud ?	Biztosan kijelentkezik a myQNAPcloud fiókból?	Weet u zeker dat u wilt uitloggen uit de myQNAPcloud-account?	Er du sikker på at du vil logge ut av myQNAPcloud-kontoen?	Czy jesteś pewien, że chcesz się wylogować z konta myQNAPcloud ?	Tem certeza que deseja sair da conta myQNAPcloud ?	Sigur doriţi să vă deconectaţi de la contul myQNAPcloud ?	Haluatko varmasti kirjautua ulos myQNAPcloud-tililtä?	Är du säker på att du vill logga ut från myQNAPcloud-kontot?	myQNAPcloud hesabı oturumunu kapatmak istediğinizden emin misiniz?	Вы уверены, что хотите выйти из учетной записи myQNAPcloud?	แน่ใจว่าต้องการลงชื่อออกจากบัญชี myQNAPcloud หรือไม่?	myQNAPcloud アカウントからサインアウトしますか?	myQNAPcloud 계정을 로그아웃하시겠습니까?	您确定仍要退出myQNAPcloud账号？	您確定仍要登出myQNAPcloud帳號?
Management Server	Řídící server	Administration-serverens	Verwaltungsserver	Servidor de administración	Servidor de administración	Διακομιστής διαχείρισης	Serveur de gestion	Server di gestione	Kezelő kiszolgáló	Management Server	Administrasjon-serveren	Serwer zarządzający	Servidor de gestão	Server administrare	Hallintapalvelin	Hanteringsserver	Yönetim Sunucusu	сервер управления	เซิร์ฟเวอร์การจัดการ	管理サーバー	관리 서버	设定中心	設定中心
File Server	Souborový server	Fil-serverens	Dateiserver	Servidor de archivos	Servidor de archivos	Διακομιστής αρχείων  	Serveur de fichiers	Server file	Fájlkiszolgáló	File Server	Filserver	Serwer plików	Servidor de arquivos	Server de fişiere	Tiedostopalvelin	Filserver	Dosya Sunucusu	файловый сервер	เซิร์ฟเวอร์ไฟล์ 	ファイルサーバー	파일 서버	  档案总管	檔案總管
myQNAPcloud Link Status	Stav spojení myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud Linkstatus	myQNAPcloud-Verbindungsstatus	Estado del enlace de myQNAPcloud	Estadodel enlace de myQNAPcloud	 Κατάσταση συνδέσμου myQNAPcloud	État de laliaison myQNAPcloud	Stato collegamento myQNAPcloud	  myQNAPcloud kapcsolatállapota	        Linkstatus myQNAPcloud 	 Koblingsstatus for myQNAPcloud	  Status linku myQNAPcloud	Status de Link myQNAPcloud	Stare legătură myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud-linkin tila	myQNAPcloud länkstatus	myQNAPcloud Bağlantı Durumu	Состояние канала myQNAPcloud	สถานะลิงค์ myQNAPcloud	myQNAPcloud リンクステータス	myQNAPcloud 링크 상태	myQNAPcloud连线状况	myQNAPcloud連線狀況
Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	Incorrect admin password.	错误的管理员密码	錯誤的管理員密碼
Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	Guest Access has been disabled on this QGenie. Please ask the owner to enable Guest Access.	此台QGenie目前设定为禁止访客登入，请联络持有人以开启访客登入。	此台QGenie目前設定為禁止訪客登入，請聯絡持有人以開啟訪客登入。
The minimum length for password is 6.	Minimální délka tohoto hesla je 6 znaků.	Adgangskoden skal være på mindst 6 tegn.	Das Kennwort besteht aus mindestens 6 Zeichen.	La longitud mínima de la contraseña es 6.	La longitud mínima de la contraseña es 6.	Το ελάχιστο μήκος του συνθηματικού είναι 6.	La longueur minimale du mot de passe est 6.	La lunghezza minima per la password è di 6 caratteri.	A jelszó minimális hossza 6 karakter.	De minimale lengte voor het wachtwoord is zes.	Minimum lengde for passord er 6 tegn.	Minimalna długość hasła to 6.	O comprimento mínimo para a senha é 6.	Lungimea minimă a parolei este de 6 caractere.	Salasanan minimipituus on 6 merkkiä.	Minsta längd för lösenordet är 6.	Şifre için en az uzunluk 6 karakterdir.	Минимальная длина пароля - 6. 	รหัสผ่านต้องมีความยาวอย่างน้อยที่สุด 6 ตัวอักษร 	パスワードの最小長は6文字です。 	비밀번호의 최소 길이는 6입니다. 	密码长度至少要为6个字符。 	密碼長度至少要為6個字元。
Please enter a valid email address.	Zadejte prosím platnou e-mailovou adresu.	Indtast en gyldig e-mail-adresse.	Geben Sie bitte eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse ein.	Introduzca una dirección de correo-e válida.	Introduzca una dirección de correo-e válida.	Εισαγάγετε μια έγκυρη διεύθυνση ηλεκτρονικού ταχυδρομείου.	Veuillez entrer une adresse électronique valide.	Inserire un indirizzo di posta elettronica valido.	Kérjük, hogy érvényes e-mail címet adjon meg.	Voer een geldig e-mailadres in.	Angi en gyldig e-postadresse.	Wprowadź prawidłowy adres e-mail.	Digite um endereço de email válido	Introduceţi o adresă de e-mail validă.	Anna toimiva sähköpostiosoite.	Ange en giltig e-postadress.	Lütfen geçerli bir e-posta adresi girin. 	Пожалуйста, введите действительный адрес электронной почты  	โปรดป้อนอีเมลแอดเดรสที่ถูกต้อง 	有効な電子メールアドレスを入力してください。	유효한 이메일 주소를 입력하십시오.	请输入有效的email账号。	請輸入有效的email帳號。
Diagnostics	 Diagnostika 	Diagnosticering 	Diagnose 	Diagnóstico 	Diagnóstico 	Διαγνωστικά 	Diagnostiques 	Diagnostiche  	Diagnosztika 	Diagnose 	Diagnostikk 	Diagnostyka 	Diagnóstico 	Diagnosticare 	Diagnostiikka 	Diagnostik 	Tanı	Диагностика 	การวินิจฉัย 	診断 	진단 	诊断 	診斷 
QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service 	   QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service  	QGenie FTP Service   	QGenie FTP Service    QGenie FTP Service	QGenie FTP Service      	QGenie FTP Service      	QGenie FTP Service 
Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.	Allow user to use FTP service on QGenie.
hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour	hour    	hour  	hour   	hour    	hour      	hour      	 
